## **History**
Located to the south west of the [[Collective Capital]], Chilac started as a division of art. Many of the early inhabitants were artists practising many forms of art including painting, dance, music and so on. Chilac’s earliest cities including its capital were built by talented architects, as such it became well known for its artistry, thus attracting many artistic minds from across the region. In its early days, Chilac wasn’t a major powerhouse for the region, however, it also had no reason to be, being the farthest part of the region from the majority of the globe Chilac’s citizens had no concerns of conflict, thus the division became a popular tourist sight for many. Gradually over time it also became a place for the old and retired to settle down in their final years. Chilac, for its entire existence, has also remained the only division within the region with a democracy, all of its government is elected every decade, however, the candidates for this democracy are hand selected by the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths family]], thus meaning despite their differing views all candidates for the division's government are Roth's loyalists. Its first leader was a man by the name [[Luz Bailar]], an early devotee of the Roths. Bailar was an aspiring man with a great ambition for art, he got his start as a performing jester for the rich and wealthy. Eventually, he earned a reputation and became one of [[Gaia Roths|Gaia's]] top entertainers. Bailar was also very powerful, being highly adept with the power of lightning, Bailar was fearsome on the battlefield, and though he never had any hand in any major conflicts, his power alone was enough to deter any opposing forces from attacking his land, this fact alone led Bailar to neglect the notion of needing an army, opting instead to be the sole guardian of his land. Bailar would pass away peacefully having fought no major conflicts.

During the war Chilac remained a heavily neutral place, the only military within the division were the guards sent to protect it by neighbouring divisions. Life remained relatively the same for its people and they were able to continue the construction of the division. Chilac’s leader at this time was a woman named [[Mealla Fuerza]], a self-centred leader with a massive ego problem. Fuerza was a key player in the war, who fought on the frontlines as a commander in the army. She was highly disliked by her people, especially due to the fact that she was elected by [[Stheno Roths|Stheno]] herself, instead of voted in by the people, this in itself would not lead to any major revolts, however, it would plant the seeds for Chilac later becoming a more divisive division later down the line.

After the war, Fuerza would pass away of age, much like her predecessors, thus leading the division to elect a new leader, [[Gordenna Brilho]]. Brilho is a peaceful man, who simply wants the division to embrace its culture and return to its roots. He would start by setting an open border policy, allowing tourists to enter and leave as they wished to, this returned the cities previous tourism rates and even boosted them even further. The economy of the division became the highest it's ever been. Brilho would continue to listen to the voices of the people, however, he also expressed many views that did not align with typical [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]]' supporters views, none of these views were suggestive of any kind of revolution, so the Roths did not bat an eye, however, it did cause a divide within the region's population, the results of which can still be seen to this day.
****
## **Climate, Geography and Wildlife**
Chilac’s environment is grassy, somewhat craggy and generally warm. Chilac’s main area of land consists of fields, with small hills scattered across the land; these hills are often home to smaller villages.

Chilac is notorious for its long lasting lightning storms and overcast weather, though the actual division is often quite warm. The land was always stormy, but these storms increased after the death of [[Luz Bailar]], many locals believe this is the spirit of Bailar looking over his people, as although the storms are frequent and heavy, incidents relating to them are very few and far between.

Chilac has very few natural disasters, the most dangerous disasters in the area are commonly hurricanes, this likely being a product of the division's closeness to the ocean. These hurricanes are not a major issue for the citizens of Chilac however, as all of the buildings in the division were built to withstand heavy wind, thanks to the storms the land is notorious for.

Very little wildlife inhabits Chilac, the most common [[Lusii]] found in the division would be [[Harpies (Avis Pluvia)]], which fly high above the clouds, these Harpies pose very little threat as they don’t dare to land or approach ground level, because of the heavy storms which often strikes them before they can land. The only other Lusii commonly found in Chilac would be [[Minotaurs (Iratus Taur)|Minotaurs (Iratus Taur)]] which can be quite a hassle to deal with, the storms don’t have much effect on Minotaurs thanks to their solid bodies and stature, locals countered the Minotaurs by building their susceptible towns on hills which the Minotaurs would be too slow to climb and would often give up, thus avoiding a fight entirely.
****
## **Living Conditions**
Chilac is unique, in the way that it is the only place in the world where art as an economic endeavour is viable. Many people in the division are able to make a living from their passion of art, and while other jobs within the division are viable means to make money, it is often found that the most wealthy people within the division are those with some form of artistic background. The average life in Chilac falls on two ends of a spectrum, there are the wealthy, high class individuals who are able to make a living and live comfortably, and then there is the less fortunate, who are often without homes to call their own, however, due to the divisions emphasis on beauty and art, as well as being a popular tourist site, the governing figures within the division have put a large amount of resources into “cleaning up” the impoverished population, this means many of the less wealthy people are often crammed together in small homes to avoid them living on the streets. Many of these people die in these homes, as they cannot afford to eat, this is because employers in Chilac often won't hire those who look poor and unclean, and thus people below the poverty line find it near impossible to find work, then die from starvation, This then leads to the people within the home they were crammed with cannibalising them just to live a few more days.
****
## **Culture**
As stated Chilac is a land of art, and many art expos and celebrations are held all year round. Events are held in [[Metam Theatre]] to showcase and glorify upcoming and aspiring artists, and while it is not considered shameful to be disinterested or self-removed from the world of art, it can be harder for people who fall into this category to find relations within the division, simply due to such a far departure of interest.

Political views within Chilac are also quite interesting, after the war, many people within Chilac began to doubt the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]], and thus there became a political divide within the division. Many people express their political views through their art too, some people in the division even hold certain religious beliefs attaining to their first leader [[Luz Bailar]], believing he was a force from beyond that came to bless their nation, and that the storms that cloud the region are his power protecting the people from harm, places of worship were even built in support of this belief.
****
## **Government**
[[Gordenna Brilho]], current leader of Chilac, is a liberal leader, who enforces laws on equal opportunity in education and work. Chilac operates as a primarily community driven economy, preaching for mass appeal in art and work to be the core economic power. Brihilo believes that all artists should be free to express themselves, so much of his politically acquired wealth is spent funding events and exhibitions.
****