# City
Located near the east of [[New Wave Ocean|Yawk’Aw]], on the border of the crater, Koro’ Ni Vale is a gigantic, complex city made from [[source-folder/Completed Works/World/Nature/Natural Resources/Plants/Calmea]]. It is designed in the shape of a gigantic red sea bush, and comprises many tubes that act as the human equivalent to streets. The inner tubes are laid with buildings, such as houses and stores, all built from basalt and then layered with coral. Buildings are typically small to fit into the tubes of the city nicely, as there is no economy within Koro’ Ni Vale, there is no need for business related buildings. Sea bulbs also illuminate the streets, covering the ceiling with various unique colours, the bottom layer decorated with various plant life such as buckthorn and sea orache. Closer to the heart of the city are the areas for religious practice, namely the [[Lotu Ni Matanisiga]], where followers of the [[Icavac]] faith go to pray. The very core of the city holds the [[Valetabu Misitiki]], a shrine designated for the preservation of the [[Uasivi Vatu]], the mysterious gemstone that has been protecting the city for hundreds of years. Nobody is permitted entry to this shrine except for once a year when a city-wide event is held where all of the city unanimously must give an offering to the Uasivi Vatu.

# Infrastructure
Koro’ Ni Vale does not operate on an economy, the entire city is community based and has been for generations, it does not have a leader or any laws, people simply operate on their moral compass, guided by their religious beliefs. Order is upheld by the people, social pressuring is often enough to maintain conformity within the city. Sirens are very adept with [[Magic|magic]], some even capable of communicating with sea-creatures, however, very few get into fights, concepts such as theft and murder are foreign to the Sirens. Knowledge is also quite limited in the city, most knowledge is passed down, living underwater means there is no way to preserve knowledge such as books, technology also is non-existent here for the same reason. Some systems are in place, echoing conches and coral tubes are often used to hold and send messages.

# Living Conditions
Living in Koro’ Ni Vale is tough, everyone is expected to fend for themselves and their families, due to Sirens commonly being female, it is hard for them to reproduce consistently, meaning that overpopulation is not a threat, in fact, much of the city is underpopulated due to this. There is no way to consistently gather food within the city such as farming, so citizens must hunt their own food. Most people live on a vegan diet, as many Sirens are against killing animals. Entertainment is also lacking, children will often go out to play games together, while adults will practice activities like song or dance.

# Culture 
The culture in the city is quite strict, as said before, peer pressure is prevalent across the people, there is almost nobody within the city who is not religious. Leaving the city is also seen as a taboo amongst the people, along with mingling with races from the land. Religious ceremonies are held every day and everyone is expected to attend. The low population of Koro’ Ni Vale means that most people are connected to one another in some way, everyone is linked, which only furthers the peer pressure philosophies of the Sirens.
