# History
During the formation of Drasil, many smaller islands in the Oceania region could not handle the seismic changes, and sank into the ocean, creating an underwater sunken city, this area became known as ‘Koro’ Ni Wasawasa’. While many of the people of Oceania would end up drowning, a small minority would evolve through their adeptness to Life magic, these fortunate individuals would be the first ever recorded Metasoma, a sub-species of evolved human, often with traits of animals or other living beings. This species would be known as the Sirens’, categorised by their fish-like tails and ability to breathe underwater. Sirens from various regions of the remains of Oceania came together, adopting Koro’ Ni Wasawasa as their home. 

Initially the Sirens only sought to survive, the earliest weeks after the disaster were spent learning how to survive. Many of their numbers dwindled even further during this time, lowering it down to roughly ten thousand individuals. On top of struggling for basic needs, the Sirens were also struggling against the creatures of the ocean. Creatures such as sharks and whales were tough enough for them, but they also had to deal with the newly discovered Lusii too. Things were looking bleak for the people and many of them began to flee towards shallower waters, however, upon reaching the land, the humans did not take too kindly to them. Sirens were an unknown species in a world already experiencing vast change and hardship, so naturally, humans did not wish to take a chance. The Sirens retreated back to the ocean once more, however, on their return trip they found a pearl-shaped rock in the ocean, seemingly by miracle. Something drew them to the rock and led them to take it back with them as they returned to Koro’ Ni Wasawasa. Days seemed to pass in the sunken city and everything was eerily quiet. Ever since their return with that rock they had not been bothered by any form of creature, as if it was deterring them from approaching. The people rejoiced, believing a divine force had sent upon them a miracle, thus causing the Sirens to become a predominantly religious society. Their newfound freedom to explore led the Sirens to find food, they would begin eating ocean flora such as seagrass or sea flowers. Over the next few years the Siren civilisation would grow as they began building new homes and structures, many still struggled to adapt to the Siren life, but after all the hardship they had gone through many people were more concerned with survival, and by the time they were able to settle down, most had already come to terms with their new life. Using scraps and natural resources from within the ocean, the Sirens created tools from coral, rocks, scrap and plants. These tools were used to harvest an exotic material called [[source-folder/Completed Works/World/Nature/Natural Resources/Plants/Calmea]], an algae based resource imbued with magic, coming in various colours and shapes. Calmea was a hardened plant with a naturally alluring aroma that secreted a green gooey substance when it was cut, this substance was good for the body and helped with relaxation. Using Calmea, the Siren people were able to build their first cities, including their capital, ‘[[Koro' Ni Vale]]’.

The Sirens’ history wasn’t the only one ongoing in the New Wave Ocean however, as while all this was happening, explorers and researchers were studying the now named “New Wave Ocean” and discovering the many creatures found within. Officially they separate the New Wave Ocean into four sectors, Ro’Baru, the most northern sector, sitting right on the border of the Harmonic Sector, Maei, the region south of the Old World Island, Al’Kuloka, the area to the east bordering the Bluegrass Zone, and finally, Yawk’aw, the deep ocean running between the other territories.

# Regions
## Yawk’Aw
Otherwise known as the deep sea, Yawk’Aw is the central ravine, stretching far across the New Wave Ocean. Starting from the edge of Koro’ Ni Vale, Yawk’Aw is a seemingly bottomless abyss full of sea life and minerals. Countless gemstones and minerals can be found there, flora flourishes from the crater walls and there is lusii everywhere you look. The area bordering the crater is practically a jungle, teeming with plant-life. Inside the crater lay many sea-caves, held up by branch-like roots extending throughout them. These caves are decorated with mangroves along with brightly coloured rocks and are illuminated with sea bulbs of all sorts of colours.

## Ro’Baru
Ro’Baru is a luscious coral reef that extends for miles. Full of Belua and shining with colourful coral, the area here is considered safe for divers and sea explorers. Ro’Baru is also infested with giant tumour-like barnacles, that are as solid as rock, these tumours spread across rocky surfaces as well as coral; they are highly toxic to fish and a great effort to remove them has been started by the people of the Harmonic Sector, however, presently little has been able to effectively remove them faster than they can spread. Ro’Baru is, legally speaking, land owned by the Harmonic Sector.

## Maei
A fungus infested region, mostly consisting of shallow water, Maei is formed of red rocks that were pulled here from an unknown underwater volcano during the formation. The entire region is scorching hot, and the lusii that reside here are vile. Mostly consisting of ocean-floor dwelling  creatures, fish here are few and far between, many of them have migrated, as the creatures that dominate this region are all predators and hunters, that sit in wait for unsuspecting fish to swim by, some of which are even dangerous enough to take down a full sized whale. Maei is known for its fungi, especially Vunamata, a parasitic mushroom that feeds off of other plants, it is easily recognized by its eye-like appearance, the iris of which, always staring directly at anything swimming above. 

## Al’Kuloka
Al’Kuloka is a region of the New Wave Ocean that is shrouded in mystery. Skeletal remains can be found all over, bones sticking out of the ocean floor like trees, these bones reach up to forty meters in length and around twelve meters in width. The environment here is filled with dark flora, mangroves, kelp and sea grass that is practically black in colour, the terrain is made of mostly blue rocks and there are countless rock formations that loop around the environment like coils. The sea creatures here are mostly a form of Mollusk, including the Lusii and Belua, of which there are many of.

# See Also
- [[Lotu Ni Matanisiga]]
- [[Valetabu Misitiki]]
- [[Koro' Ni Vale]]