The Laqueus Conchae, otherwise known as the Hatuibwari is a [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] that comes from the Chelonia Mydas species of animal.

Hatuibwari are an uncommon sea creature that is very rarely found in [[New Wave Ocean|Ro'Baru]] region, they are dangerous and intelligent. Their primarily body is much like a turtle shell, floating through the water, however instead of being propelled by flippers, they have wing-like feet that push them forward. Their shells are spiked and can open up revealing their mouths and throat, peering further in you may also see their digestive system. Their teeth are pointed like shark teeth and can be seen both on the underside of the shell as it opens as well as inside its mouth. They have no head and all of their organs are stored within their body somewhere. When they open their mouth, instead of a tongue they use their spines as tongues for gripping onto their prey and pulling them closer. Hatuibwari are adept with Will [[Magic]] and are able to pull earth from the ground and use it as a means to bombard its opponent.

Hatuibwari live for over 100 years and are incredibly resilient and adaptable. They lay their eggs at the end of their lives and often travel in groups of ten or more. They use their wings to soar through the waves and even fly above the surface of the water, they don't have a method of communication but seem to understand each other through certain actions. They have great memories, able to recognize patterns and shapes easily. As they have no eyes they rely on their magic to feel the waves and ground to find their way and to find prey, they can also feel movements through their wings in the water and air to detect movement. Hatuibwari do not hunt actively, however they do attack creatures on contact by opening their large shells and wrangling them with their bone tongues, this causes them to be pulled in where they will be devoured. If they are unable to capture their prey at first then they will instead opt to throw small objects from the ocean floor and even pull up chunks of the ground to throw in an attempt to bombard their prey. They are only able to pick up small chunks of earth at once and it uses a great deal of mana to do so. Sometimes when sleeping on the ocean floor, Hatuibwari will instinctively open their shells if they feel the presence of another creature, sometimes devouring them without even awakening. They live primarily in coral reefs, often on the outskirts which is why they are so uncommon, they can also travel on land, however they are notably slow at this.

In an attack from a Hatuibwari, attempting to attack their tongue will prove fruitless, but attempting to attack their shell will also yield no results. Instead, use a form of magic to create a solid object, that will allow you to fill their mouth with something which they will then attempt to eat instead. If you have no such magic then sacrificing an item for the same purpose will be your next best option. 