## **Introduction to Magic**
Magic is the core foundation of our modern society, used in all facets of life, including jobs, warfare, everyday utility and so on. Since its discovery roughly four centuries ago, magic has been studied extensively by scientists and philosophers across all fields, in an attempt to understand the foundation principles and biological logic that it follows. In this document, I will break down the fundamentals of magic, its various classifications, and the connection between mana and our modern understanding of biology, I will break down the six known styles of magic, the practical utilities of magic and the limitations of mana.

Firstly, let us understand what mana is. Mana can be seen as the building block of magic. On its own, mana is unable to do anything practical, however, mana must be present for magic to be utilized. Mana can be found everywhere, most commonly in living beings, but it is also found in many natural minerals. Mana can be thought of as a sort of symbiote, it attaches to an object or person based on compatibility, these compatibilities don't seem to follow any known pattern, and whether an item or individual is compatible with a certain sort of mana seems to be binary, either yes or no. Given that mana is a natural resource, not too dissimilar from radiation, some level of mana has latched onto every living being on the planet, due to sheer volume found on the planet. Upon attaching to a person, mana will nest itself within a specific part of the body, typically this will be a part of the skeleton, this can be as large as a whole leg or as small as a finger. In some more rare cases, mana can be stored in an internal organ such as a liver or muscle. Where mana is stored may have bearing on how it is utilized and distributed across the body, however, not enough study has been done on this topic to verify. Typically most people are only compatible with one type of mana, however in some less common cases an individual may be compatible with multiple.

Now that we understand how mana nests, let us understand what it does. Firstly and most commonly, mana is used as a catalyst to produce magic, this magic can be used for many practical purposes, such as household maintenance, traversal, powering objects. Magic can also be used for less common purposes, such as self-defence. Mana also has more passive uses, it can act as a protective barrier, preventing the wielder from taking permanent damage (though it cannot negate pain). Mana's preservation abilities can extend even to the diseased, preventing the decay of bodies. There is a limit however to what mana can do, all actions that use mana will spend a certain amount of it, usage being dictated by the action and intensity of said action. Regeneration of mana over a period of time is possible, often regenerating alongside the cells of the body it has attached itself to, this does mean however that corpses and inanimate objects are unable to regenerate mana and will eventually run out. In the case that a person runs dry of mana, they will lose their protective aura. Given that most living creatures have come to rely on their aura to survive, this means that they will be exposed to mana that is not compatible with their own body. In many cases, incompatible mana exposure will cause short-term, long-term, or even permanent health issues, while in more severe cases it will cause death. In certain highly uncommon cases, incorrect mana exposure can cause bodily mutations, such as rapid cell growth, these mutations will cause a body to be devoured by magic, often turning them into variations of creatures we know as Lusii. 

  
## **Types of Magic**
There are six classifications of magic: Order, Chaos, Will, Ruin, Life and Necromancy. I will break down each individual type, its capabilities and any additional information below.

### Order
Order magic is commonly considered as divine magic by common folk. Deriving its name from its ability to manipulate the natural order of the world, including time or space manipulation, the ability to alter properties of laws of physics such as gravity, portal creation, time travel, etc. Order magic is not capable of creating new laws of physics, only changing existing ones. Order magic has only been exhibited by members of the Roths bloodline, as such it is believed to be hereditary. Lack of sufficient sampling means that knowledge on the capabilities, limitations and properties of Order magic is lacking, with our only information stemming from general magic knowledge and connection to other types of magic.

### Chaos
Chaos magic, as its name would suggest, is unpredictable and seems to function without a specified set of rules. Chaos magic is an unnatural form of magic with mysterious origins, its only known wielder being the former-adopted sister of Princess Athena Roths, Pandora Roths. Information on Chaos magic has only been found in combat records, originating from Pandora Roths encounter with Commander Nightingale. Observations indicated that Pandora was capable of manipulating light to create visual illusions, as well as having the ability to disrupt aspects of the physical world, akin to how Roths family members are able to alter properties of physical law. Pandora expressed a limited ability to use these powers and often had issues fully controlling them, whether this was due to the magic itself or the wielder is unclear.

### Will
Will magic, more commonly known as natural magic or alchemical magic, pertains to the ability to control the alchemical corners of the world. Seemingly acting as a more primitive version of Order magic, Will magic is significantly more limited in what it is capable of, allowing for manipulation of matter relating to the four alchemical elements. Unlike Order magic, Will magic is not capable of materializing out of nothing, instead requiring some form of transmutation to take place in order to be used, converting one form of matter into another. Given that studies have such a large sample size, we have a pretty clear idea of how far Will magic can be pushed before reaching its limits, so long as it follows the previously stated rules, Will magic appears capable of anything in relation to the four alchemical elements. Will magic cannot be used to tamper with living beings in any way.

### Ruin
Ruin magic, sometimes called blood magic, is a form of magic originating from a mutative strand of Will magic. Often, Ruin magic comes about as a birth defect or is caused by a health issue that prevents the body from adjusting correctly to mana. Ruin magic allows the wielder the ability to manipulate organic matter such as bones and organs. Most of the time, Ruin magic wielders do not have sufficient mana to mess with other living organisms and can only use the remains of deceased or bio-matter from their own body, this means the majority of the time Ruin magic users are unable to utilise magic in any real scenario. One notable upside to Ruin magic, however, is that wielders of it are often much more resistant to damage, having a higher mana barrier protecting them.

### Life
 Life magic is a particularly rare variation of magic, exclusively found in Metasoma, this magic is more spiritual in nature, allowing communication with plants and animals including lusii and allowing the wielder to distribute magic to and from them at will. There appears to be no link between any other form of magic and Life magic, its origins entirely a mystery, however, some cases of Life magic users have been able to share their mana with other creatures allowing for healing of the body, this has led some to believe that Life magic is intrinsically tied to the mutations of Ruin magic, as it acts as a sort of antibody to it. Some also believe that Life magic is an evolutionary stage of magic, given that it can only be found in Metasoma, while others argue that it is the root of what let humans initially evolve into Metasoma.

### Necromancy
Necromancy, unlike every other form of magic, is an unnatural form of magic. Not only can Necromancy magic not be attained naturally, but the mana gained from learning how to use it can also not be regenerated or passed down to offspring. Necromancy is the ability to communicate with and control the spirits of the dead. Unlike Ruin magic, which allows manipulation of organic material, Necromancy can only be used to control or communicate with spirits, in other words, if a spirit is no longer latched to a body, then that body cannot be controlled through Necromancy. Necromancy magic can only be acquired by consuming the mana from a recently deceased corpse, this can be done through physical consumption of a mana-tainted body part, the mana from this corpse will then latch onto the mana of the consumer, thus allowing for the use of Necromancy. Necromancy is heavily advised against by all official bodies, as it can cause severe health issues to the user.
