## **History**
Phoeba is a region located in the southeast of the [[Collective Capital]]. Founded by [[Anansi Kusuka]], alongside the regions surrounding divisions, Phoeba’s earliest towns and cities started out as a land for learning. Kusuka was a former teacher, and one of the Capitals most intelligent, which is a part of the reason for why she was chosen by [[Gaia Roths|Gaia]] to rule the land. Kusuka took great pride in learning and was inspired by famous historical philosopher, [[Kara Xavier]]. Many knowledge seekers followed Kusuka and helped build the earliest cities on the land, including the capital city of [[Folia]]. Kusuka was a blunt and honest leader, she didn’t wish to talk down or belittle her people and recognized many of their intellects and so often stated her mind, this was a quality many of her followers supported. Many of Kusuka’s early policies included strict educational policies, ensuring long academic hours and strict examinations, this was initially supported by her followers, however, many soon began to feel the long term effects of this intensive practice. Many of Phoeba’s towns had vast educational institutes, and many of its citizens were intelligent people, but, it was also economically troubled in its early years, as although its people were highly intelligent, they lacked the tools or skills to put that intelligence to use, as such many people in the early days struggled to afford food and water, this was especially hard because much of Phoeba’s land was built over desert and rocky terrain, so growing food or finding water was a challenge, this lead many people to travel south. This would mark the early discoveries of the [[Bluegrass Zone]], a region full of resources. Using their vast knowledge and with a little help from the neighbouring divisions, Phoeba’s people were able to get a water flow and food route running between the division and the Bluegrass Zone, this opened up jobs for many of the citizens, as gathering and returning these resources was a dangerous endeavour, that many would pay quite highly for. This new line of work led many people to train their [[Magic|magic]] abilities to be able to fend off the [[Lusii]] in the Bluegrass Zone to more safely traverse the region, this boosted Phoeba’s power as a division by quite a notable amount.

During the [[History & Timeline|war]], many of Phoeba’s strongest fighters would leave to fight, others would remain back and protect the land. The current ruler, and Kutsuka’s descendant, [[Kuan Kutsuka]], would also remain in the region to protect it. The Kutsuka family had ruled over the region for generations, and Kuan had no children to pass the title down to if something were to happen to him. Due to the weakened defence of the division, as well as the open border leading onto the Bluegrass Zone, the land soon fell under attack by both Lusii and people from the Southern [[The Country|Country]] region, this was the first time the [[Collective Capital|Capital]] had ever taken an attack inside its borders before, and they were largely unprepared, as such, many casualties were taken and for a short while some land was taken too. Kuan however decided to step in, Kuan was a hunter by nature and his spider-like abilities, passed down from his ancestors, benefited this nature greatly within just a few days, Kuan was able to push back the opposing forces by a striking amount, however, strength alone was not enough, Kuan had to resort to a more effective method, fear. Kuan began by collecting the bodies of the formerly deceased, cocooning them in webs and leaving them to hang around the border. This method worked for a short time, but eventually, people pushed past their fear, realising the bodies were deceased long before they were cocooned, so, Kuan tried a much more drastic method. Capturing many now living resistance fighters, he would once again cocoon them, but this time taking them out to the Bluegrass Zone and having them eaten alive by the wildlife there. Kuan made sure to leave a few alive to return and tell the tale. This method worked much more effectively, and the resistance dared not to attack again. Kuan however, would let this get to his head, he began overestimating himself. He took it upon himself to go directly to the base of the resistance, without any backup, or any real plan, thinking he would clean them up in one fell swoop. Kuan entered the base only to be executed via many magical strikes on entry, bringing an abrupt end to his life.

After this, Phoeba was no longer considered a threat by the resistance, and went largely ignored until the end of the war, which ended not long after this incident.

After the war, Phoeba would go without a leader, typically leaders would be descendants of the Kutsuka family, or as a failsafe, a leader would be handpicked by the current leader, however both circumstances were unable to be met, for the first time in history. As nobody stepped up to take the position, Phoeba became a leaderless nation, remaining that way to present day, where it still has no leader, but instead a [[Council of Phoeba|council]] of ten individuals, who have a collective say in what happens in the division. These ten were voted in by the people around thirty years prior to present day.

After that, not much became of the nation, they continued to build their nation and expand, becoming a community powered nation, controlled by the people, as opposed to a governing force. The Roths would still cast a shadow over the region, ensuring they do not step out of line.
****
## **Climate, Geography and Wildlife**
Phoeba is a cragged division, with much rocky land and many cave systems. The hills within the division are in excess, however, they do not extend too high, the majority of which only being mild inclines.

Phoeba is often a hot division, typically having bright sunny days with scorching weather, often being much hotter than the other parts of the region. Phoeba does not have any threats of natural disasters and often has little change in climate, however, fruit and water are highly uncommon in the land due to the constant extreme heat. Phoeba also has many architectural decisions to combat the heat in large cities.

Phoeba has the largest variety of wildlife in the entire region, many of which are not friendly, the primary [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] found are [[Arachne]], giant hostile spiders that typically live around caves and rough terrain, their nests are often also built in these areas and they can be found in large packs but typically steer clear of people, especially in larger groups. Arachne only began to infest the land after the war concluded, some spiritual theorists believe this to be the remnants of the Kutsuka bloodline, laying a curse on the land, as the Kutsuka family were [[Metasoma]], similar to Arachne. Other researchers suggest that the Arachne simply migrated from the [[Bluegrass Zone]], though this is inconclusive as very few Arachne can be found there. Other notable Lusii include [[Minotaurs (Iratus Taur)]] and [[Lycaon (Divisa Lupus)|Lycaon]], all of which pose no real threat unless you venture too close to the border.
****
## **Living Conditions**
Living conditions in Phoeba can seem daunting for most, the hot weather and far travel for resources may seem bad, but for the people there, it’s a part of life and it’s just how they grew up. Life is a lot more prosperous for the division, ever since they began travelling to the [[Bluegrass Zone]], as now many job opportunities are open there, including researching, mapping, security, resource gathering and so on. Knowledge is power in Phoeba, and people who invest into research fields, no matter how obscure, often receive high compensation for their efforts. [[Folia|City]] life is also nice, the economic gap is definitely noticeable, however, people willing to put in the hard work will often be rewarded fairly too. The biggest danger the division faces is monster attacks, people doing out of city research, especially in uncharted land, are at great risk of being attacked, and while lots of people are readily equipped to deal with these attacks, many others are not, and the monsters in the land can be brutal. Reports of people being eaten alive by [[Arachne]], or having limbs pulled clean off by [[Minotaurs (Iratus Taur)]], are not unheard of, but many people can go on in life without facing any major risks like this. Smaller towns also live pretty lavish lives and while it’s harder to get your foot on the societal ladder in those smaller towns, it is by no means impossible.

While the nation does hold an open border around the Bluegrass Zone and is at a constant risk of attack, its military power alone easily compensates for this, thus preventing any real need for concern.
****
## **Culture**
Phoeba has a strong educational culture. Children will begin their studies at just three years old and will typically remain in education until they are twenty years of age, after that many will pursue a further education until the age of twenty five. After their studies, many will pursue careers related to research, teaching or other forms of study, while others will pursue careers related to data. Everyone in Phoeba specialises in a different area and everyone is able to put those skills to use. Phoeba also shares their knowledge and resources with the neighbouring divisions of the Capital and receives strong economic income from it.

Much like other divisions, Phoeba remains mostly loyal to the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]], some knowledgeable historians may have dwindling faith, but the majority of people’s faith is in the Roths. There is one other religion, the [[Shrine of Kulala]] and its members are strong believers in the [[Oneiros]] faith and have a strong faith in the idea that it will lead them to a wisdom unperceivable by the common person.

Political culture in Phoeba is also unique. The council that oversees the country, typically consists of a wide array of people, meaning many of the people's needs are met. Resources are often allocated to various fields to help as many of the citizens as possible. Resources are split between the council to equally distribute to different aspects of the nation.
****
## **Government**
The [[Council of Phoeba]] of Phoeba consists of ten houses, each embodying a field of education. The leaders of these houses are elected every few decades by the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]]. The fields of education are as follows: Language, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Technology/Computer Science, Construction/Manual Labour, Nature, Economics and Medical. Each house’s leader maintains the knowledge of their respective field and manages all operations in relation, each leader being an expert in that field. Every three months the leaders all come together in the [[Akili Library|Akili Library's]] central meeting room to discuss operations within the region and answer questions from the public.
****
## See also:
- [[Folia]]
