# History
Kariwa and its respective city were built during the reign of [[Prometheus Roths]] with its original intended purpose to be a militarised safe zone in case the [[Collective Capital]] ever faced the threat of mass destruction. Built as an evacuation zone, Kariwa was not constructed with cities and civilisation in mind, thus only one major city was built, [[Kariwa City]]. The region was and still is ran by the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Hadron Family]], who although control and maintain the region, have no say over the laws or operations themself.

Prometheus' orders for Kariwa came seemingly swiftly and out of nowhere, his urgency to establish the region left rumours circulating of a threat coming and fear spread across both the [[Experimental Zone]] and the Collective Capital. People also quickly realised that the landmass of Kariwa did not have enough room to fit even a quarter of the population of the Capital, leading people to belief it would be exclusive to the elite. Prometheus took no measures to ensure this project remained a secret, in fact he made many efforts to publicise it, yet no efforts to mitigate fears, many people began doubting him because of this. Soon after establishing a foundation and borders, many highly secure bunkers were built in the region, Prometheus bought out tons of rare and expensive [[Resources]] in order to make these bunkers as highly secure as possible. Bunkers were buried deep underground, many of the miners of [[Hadron]] were in charge of digging out the space for these bunkers, and a lot of the information about them came from these miners, as the project was not under NDA. Prometheus never wound up using these bunkers, and after their completion he converted the surface layer of Kariwa into a weapons testing zone, using it as an excuse to wipe out the [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] population there. 

When [[Stheno Roths]] took over, the region went largely neglected, though continued to receive funding as it was when Prometheus was ruling, in fact Kariwa was the only region that went completely unaffected by Stheno's rule, as if she did not wish to interrupt the progress there, however, she would often send weapons from the Capital over for testing. During the [[History & Timeline|war]], Kariwa remained in constant preparation for the mass arrival of Capital citizens and was ready to receive them at any given moment, though that day never came. They continued testing and providing weapons and military/magic training during this time as well.

When the war concluded and [[Medusa Roths]] took over the throne, expansions to Kariwa's city were made and the [[Kariwa Encampment]] was founded, outside of that and an increase in population, the region remained largely the same.

# Climate, Geography and Wildlife
Covered in a thick snowstorm partially brought about by constant weapons testing, Kariwa is an ice cold region with flat terrain in the south and centre, and mountainous landscapes to the north. 
Few flowers grow due to harsh conditions, making the land baron and empty.

The extreme cold of Kariwa makes the outside unliveable without any form of external heating, temperatures fluctuate rapidly and often cross dangerous levels seemingly out of nowhere.

Also coming out of nowhere is heavy snowstorms that can freeze a normal person to death in mere minutes and obscure vision and can often become so thick they can bury a person beneath the snow within a short period of exposure.

Due to the weapons testing in Kariwa, few creatures remain here, [[Mahaha (Ridens Canem)]] are the only known species to still survive the harsh environments and can be quite dangerous to regular people but for the trained citizens of Kariwa are a minor nuisance at worst.

# Living Conditions
Living in Kariwa is very much a commitment, though most only live for a short time here, the psychological torment from living in such a strict and harsh environment is not for the faint of heart. No entertainment is provided, everything you do here is monitored, schedules and curfews are strict and you will be mostly isolated from all other people during your time here. Most only live here for three to four years at most for work or study at the [[Kariwa Encampment]], and upon return to normal civilisation all citizens are required to take up at least sixteen weeks of psychological evaluation before they are deemed fit to return. Most people who come to work or study here often quit within the first six months, while the rest stay to complete their studies.

# Government
Kariwa follows generally the same laws as [[Hadron]], as they're both ran by the Hadron Family, though many things such as the curfews and entertainment law is even stricter. Kariwa is strong economically and the workers here receive high pay from the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family]] which is the biggest enticer to work here.