# City
Kariwa City is a highly militarised city found in the north of [[Kariwa]]. The whole city is built with concrete and metal and sits bordering an extravagant train station used for important supplies from the [[Collective Capital]], mining villages of [[Hadron]] and exchanging goods with [[Lopnur]]. There is a large storage zone found nearby the train station where goods are left to be unloaded by staff. Living zones sit just outside of the storage zone along with medical zones for the wounded and sick. Under every home rests a small supply bunker for shelter and maintenance as each individual living here is expected to maintain their own supplies of food, water and power. Military vehicles sit all across the city  including weaponized and transport vehicles. The gates that border the city are powered by [[Magic]] and the city is further surrounded by a minefield to prevent oncoming attacks. The city sits near a mountain where a giant fallout bunker sits in the case of an emergency. On the outer part of the city is the [[Kariwa Encampment]] which is a large training encampment for those training in both military and magic.

# History
Originally built to be a storage for bunker supplies Kariwa City only held several large storehouses and a yard for incoming freight trains from the [[Collective Capital]]. During the construction of the bunkers in Kariwa, the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Hadron Family]] decided that it would be more efficient for the miners to have a place to stay between sessions, preventing their long commutes, and so they had multiple living spaces and medical encampments built in the area.
Upon the completion of the bunkers, the miners were sent home and military training/weapons testing in Kariwa city began, this all continued on through to the war where the threat of attack lead the people of Kariwa to build a bunker in the mountainside that rested near the city's rear, this bunker was built to shelter the entire city in a mass destruction event. 
After the war the city would generally stop expansion, building the [[Kariwa Encampment]] as their final expansion and opening it to all interested in military and magic training.