# History
During the later years of [[Gaia Roths|Gaia Roths']] reign, she wished to expand her empire to allow for an isolated region allowing for [[Magic|magic]], weapons and scientific study. To this end, she began her expansion northwest of the [[Collective Capital]], founding the land of [[Hadron]], the first region in a series of regions called “The Experimental Zone”. Hadron was a closed off region, only accessible to appointed heads of science and her military. Named after the appointed governor of the land, [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Side Characters/Nicklas Hadron]] of the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Hadron Family]], Gaia appointed their family to operate the land in her stead, while she oversaw things from the Capital. The Hadrons were loyal to Gaia but also expressed many of their own views that did not align with hers, this in her eyes made them the perfect candidates to rule the land and bring fresh perspectives onto her empire. The Hadrons hoped that one day, Hadron could expand into its own independent region, with its own people and laws. 

The Hadrons built six cities, giving rule of each city to a different member of the family, with Nicklas acting as the overseer of all of them. Each city focused on collaboration of scientific, weapons and magic study, and is responsible for much of the knowledge we know about magic today. Influenced heavily by ancient texts left behind by [[Kara Xavier]], each city was built over strong points for magic, calculated by Kara’s study on the magical flow of the earth. They used this concept as a foundation of the cities’ power supply, as they were powered purely through magic that flowed throughout the earth.

In less populated areas of the region, mining towns were built around other areas containing a strong flow of magic, which brought about the discovery of countless magic infused [[Resources|minerals]], serving as the basis of many magic infused [[Technology|weapons]] and machines, many of which sped up the processes of construction and progress both in Hadron as well as in the Capital. The Hadron family held a monopoly over these resources, and began selling them to the regions of the Capital at a high price. The Capitals leaders could not refuse these materials, including the current leader of the Roths, [[Prometheus Roths]], who decided to cut a deal with the Hadron family, one that would be mutually beneficial to both. Prometheus agreed to support the funding and expansion of their land, at the price of allowing him to use that land for militarised purposes, an offer which the Hadrons were eager to agree to. 

Thus the region expanded further, becoming roughly four times as large as it was originally. These expanded into two regions. Firstly was [[Kariwa]], named after Nicklas’s late grandmother, Kariwa would be a testing site for weapons created using their newfound technology, as well as serving one other purpose. As per their contract with Prometheus, countless bunkers and shelters were built all across Kariwa, intended to be used in times of crisis as a sort of safe haven. Outside of the bunkers, Kariwa was largely used for military testing and training, only having one major city and a handful of small towns spread all throughout the central point of the region.

The other expansion to the land was the region of [[Lopnur]]. Located north of Hadron, Lopnur was run by the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Lopnur Family]], who were close friends of the Hadrons. Lopnur was built as a military region, running under martial law, their rules are strict, with curfews and punishments put in place for those who do not follow them. 

Eventually, the [[History & Timeline|war]] struck, and all three regions went into a strict lockdown. Neither family was permitted to act in the war, as that would cause them to become potential targets for attack. A collaborative contract was formed between the regions, meaning they would work together to produce weapons and provide military support for the war effort. The region became known as the experimental zone, expanding their land further to the west, this land was not to be used for cities or anything however, instead it served a much more sinister purpose, producing weapons of mass destruction, the weapons were then tested in the empty land to the west of Kariwa, known by the locals at “[[The Vacancy]]” a large region filled with nothing, used for the testing of large scale destructive weapons, leaving it completely uninhabitable. Little information is known about the weapons they manufactured during the war, as none were ever set off in a real war scenario, however, the immeasurable craters and uninhabitability of the western side of the Experimental Zone paint a pretty clear picture of the power they possess. Little happened after the war, each region prospered in their own ways with the head families still remaining in charge of them. A few decades after [[Medusa Roths]] came into power, three universities were built across each region, firstly was the [[Hadron University]], built in Hadron City. Hadron university is the leading global foundation of all science, and has strict entry procedures. Outside of the extraordinarily high academic prowess one must have to enrol, there are also strict background checks and high tuition fees. Next is [[Kariwa Encampment]], acting more as a military training camp than an academy, this is where soldiers who show a high adeptness of magic come to study, it is said that all of the military and guards found within the Capital all graduated from this institute. Finally, is the [[Roths Academy of Militaristic Strategy]], located in Lopnur city. Unlike Kariwa Encampment, the Roths Academy is used to train in military strategy and ethics, this academy is very small and often trains military leaders for both the Experimental Zone and the Capital, it is also where all of the Roths [[Collective Capital Military|royal guard]] graduate from. All students at the Roths Academy are hand picked by the Roths themselves, and must adhere to strict none-disclosure agreements.

# Infrastructure
A closed off region with heavy laws, the Experimental Zone by nature is very progress based, and as such, they try to use as minimal resources as possible while still getting the best effective results, as such, much of the area's infrastructure is standard metal buildings, fortified but cost effective. The buildings themselves are not very artistic in design, consisting of basic shapes, typically cube buildings with tube tunnels between them, concrete roads with minimalist signs and so on. The majority of buildings are used for housing and storage, pastimes and hobbies are next to non-existent. Buildings and streets are often crammed together to conserve the most space possible. Effective use of the magical flow of the earth gives the region a constant power supply that does replacing or resupplying.

# Living Conditions
Being so private and controlled means the Experimental Zone has very strict rules and regulations, there are very strict curfews and schedules and all members of both the military and citizens must abide by these 24/7 while they remain here. Food and water are supplied in rations, people are expected to eat and drink what they are given and that remains true regardless of rank or prestige

# Laws
The Experimental Zone follows strong martial law for the majority of its rules while all other civil laws are more or less identical to the [[Collective Capital|Capital’s]]. There are strict laws for entry and exit, the process of which can take upwards of twelve weeks before being approved, people entering or exit must place their application far in advance. There are also strict curfew and none-disclosure laws, which are punishable by execution if broken.

# Borders
The Experimental Zone has a strictly closed border policy, nobody enters or exits without very express clearance and strict procedures. The entire border is protected by magic and it is all but impossible to breach this border. As said before, entry and exit of the border is a multi-month long process and requires express permission from four people, a representative of the Roths, the current military leader of the [[Collective Capital|Capital]], and the current heads of both the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Lopnur Family|Lopnur]] and [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Hadron Family]].

# Climate and Geography
Though the Experimental Zone’s land was originally a vast snow land, with high mountains, much of it has been terraformed, either intentionally for the sake of construction, or inadvertently due to weapons and magic testing in the area, thus turning it into a rocky wasteland.

The weather in the Experimental Zone is most commonly ice winds, with heavy snow that typically dissipates long before it hits the ground. Whatever natural disasters may happen in the land are nullified by the weapons and magic testing simply overpowering them.
