## **City**
[[Rapar|Rapar's]] capital city of Antallagi, is the capital of commerce across the entire world. The city is built of a synthetic, gold-like material called [[Chrysanium]], it is made by layering concrete with thin coats of copper, that are then then infused with [[Magic|magic]], giving them a shiny, gold-like appearance and feel. This material is sturdy and cost effective to create. The exteriors are then usually decorated with coloured concrete, typically in monochrome colours and then wood is used for final decoration. Antallagi’s architecture is rounded, often tall buildings with pointed tops. Most buildings do not exceed four stories, outside of larger skyscrapers around the city centre. Buildings are often made of reinforced materials, to prevent theft and break-in. Windows are also often stuck out from the building, to further benefit security. The city also has an underground area, which is typically dedicated for transferring goods around the city, as this area is full of security.

Many buildings in the city are dedicated to commerce, if it’s legal, then chances are somewhere is selling it, there is stores dedicated to everything imaginable, no matter how obscure, and many of these stores stay in business because they often band in areas together where similar products are being sold, this means people passing by will already have a slight interest in what they’re selling and potentially purchase upon seeing said thing.

Antallagi’s does not really have any landmarks, it has many popular tourist sights like restaurants and markets but it lacks any real landmarks, even the region's leader lives in a standard high end home as opposed to a landmark like the other regional leaders.
****
## **History**
Starting out as a small trade village, Antallagi quickly grew in size and scale as the Osorio family’s wealth grew. Quickly, the Osorio’s began investing their money into expanding their home town, allowing all of the townspeople to expand their businesses. Combining their wealth, they were able to afford expansions to their village through hired assistance and the purchase of resources. This eventually caught the eye of the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]], who sent a representative over to discuss establishing trade routes. With investment from the Roths, Antallagi quickly became the city we know it as today.
****
