# City
Lopnur City has a population of 150,000 people, with that number ever-growing since their agreement with [[Medusa Roths]]. It is a much more developed city to any found within the [[Experimental Zone]] and has recently begun expansion to allow for more entertainment and quality-of-life for its citizens. Presently a heavily militarised city, it is built in sectors, consisting of many small fenced off towns all connected to one another to form a city. Buildings are built from mostly concrete and take great inspiration from soviet era cities, with large complexes in the place of homes, they have curved roofs to prevent leakages from the snow. The few smaller buildings within the city are often more recent additions like restaurants and social clubs. Currently transport is done through large-scale armoured personnel carriers that essentially act as buses between sectors.

# History
Built on the western border of [[Lopnur]], Lopnur City has always been directly overseen by the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Lopnur Family]]. The Lopnurs earlier goals only served to benefit the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]], however, after their contract with [[Stheno Roths]] ended due to her untimely demise, the Lopnurs wished to take more power for themselves, by using the small power vacuum left behind while the Roths were scrambling to pick up the pieces left behind by Stheno, to this end, the Lopnurs used their hidden authority over [[Hadron]] to seize vast amounts of resources for their city’s expansion, boosting their prestige and economy. When [[Medusa Roths]] finally got everything together and returned to Lopnur City, she was impressed to see they had progressed so much on their own. Further funding the city, Medusa extended an agreement to allow her people to study in Lopnur City at an institute that would be privately funded by her called the [[Roths Academy of Militaristic Strategy]], otherwise known as “RAMS”.
