# History
From its conception, Lonpur was designed as a militarised zone for [[Prometheus Roths]], who sent early settlers over to populate and help build the region’s first cities; these settlers were all handpicked by Prometheus as trustworthy individuals. Some settlers also came from Hadron, including the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Lopnur Family]], which was elected by Prometheus to act as the ruling family of the region. 

Prometheus ordered the transport of countless supplies to Lopnur, allowing a swift construction to the region’s infrastructure. Supplies were limited however, and  the Lopnurs had to make do with what they had, so they created three capital cities and used the remaining supplies for military outposts placed around the region. Their cities were used for maximum security handling of sensitive information, essentially functioning as off-the-grid data banks for the [[Collective Capital|Capital’s]] military, meanwhile, the outposts were used for training, the idea of setting their military training outside of the Capital was to continue peace-keeping in the main cities and to keep sensitive information far away from any potential threats, it also was used as a backdoor line of defense in case the Harmonic Sector or Western [[The Country|Country]] attempted to breach the Capitals border, allowing for a swift flank from behind. Additionally, Prometheus planned to extend his empire into the [[Experimental Zone]], eventually turning it from a militarised city to an actual living space for citizens, but this plan did not come to fruition in his time. 

When [[Stheno Roths]] came into power, things changed in Lopnur. During the [[History & Timeline|war]], the Lopnurs were heavily in support of Stheno’s more aggressive means of rule and attempted to use it to their advantage, thankfully for them, Stheno also wished to seize more control over the Experimental Zone. Striking a deal with the Lopnur family, Stheno would order them to infiltrate [[Hadron]] and seize control from inside, manipulating one of their heirs and turning them into a puppet government. One trusted associate of the Lopnur family who were never identified, infiltrated their guard using his connections with high ranking military officials, and kidnapped the youngest child of the current Hadron family’s heir [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Side Characters/Elena Hadron]], demanding their silence and cooperation, seizing much of the Hadron’s resources without them even knowing, which caused economic issues for the region which can still be felt to this day, the Hadrons have not yet discovered this information and manipulation from the anonymous associate has caused the granddaughter of Elena to remain obedient to the Lopnur’s, turning the Hadron city of [[Brilth]] into essentially Lopnur owned territory, seizing much of their supplies in secret even to this day. Stheno’s ploy never fully came to pass before her death, and remains unknown to [[Medusa Roths]] even now. Lopnur still operates this plan with the hopes of one day taking over Hadron completely, by economically crippling them.

# Climate, Geography and Wildlife
Lopnur is perpetually covered in a light amount of snow and is highly mountainous, a huge wall of mountains covers the northernmost point making entry and exit impossible from the north. There is a surplus of spruce trees and fields of yellow roses growing between mountains, usually protected from the cold by the mountain sides.

Constant snow covers Lopnur, though is rather light in velocity, it still causes extreme cold and is considered dangerous if you are outside for too long. With temperatures of 24°F and lower being the norm in the region.

Lopnur has avalanches from time to time which can be severely threatening to the people living there, however, cities are built with this in mind and most people have ample time to take cover in their home or a designated shelter before the avalanche hits.

Very little animals live in the [[Experimental Zone]], often scared away by the people there. Lusii are sparse but dangerous in Lopnur, [[Harpies (Avis Pluvia)]] tend to attack in packs but the real threats are the [[Mahaha (Ridens Canem)]] and [[Atshen]] causing major issues, especially during snowstorms.

# Living Conditions
Lopnur has much better living conditions than its neighbouring regions, it still holds strict rules, but there is also much more freedom of activity. All citizens are provided with in-house entertainment such as television, card games and are even provided with alcohol, though only in small amounts. There are still curfews, however, punishment is way less severe for breaking them, typically only given a small sentence for repeated violations. People live in resilient homes protected by barriers made from magic imbued [[Resources|materials]], this is to fend off threats from both weather as well as [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]].

# Government
Lopnur’s government has strict pro-war views. Still in support of [[Stheno Roths]] way of ruling, the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Lopnur Family]] believe that the world should be ruled under one empire, that being the only way to bring about peace, to that end they wish to build a powerful army to assist the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]] in a violent takeover of the Western [[The Country|Country]], using this as their ultimate act of proof to loyalty.
