## **City**
Phoeba’s capital city of Folia is more akin to a multi-level complex than an actual city, the city consists of multiple towering interconnected streets layered on top of each other expanding high into the sky as opposed to being spread around, the city is in essence like walking around a city sized outdoor mall. Paths cross each other and interconnect with one another and every layer has its own purpose, the lower layers are typically comprised of necessities, general stores etc, the middle layers comprise mostly as a mix of non-essential retail and leisure activities while the highest layers consist of educational institutes, high class buildings and homes. Many buildings in the city are open air buildings. From the exterior the city takes the shape of a massive spider web in the way the buildings and streets interconnect, they’re not sequential and typically paths with overlap one another making getting around very easy but also making it very easy to get lost if you don’t know your way around, this architectural decision is to help the city have a lot of shade as to avoid the citizens overheating. Folia and its surrounding cities are built from pretty standard material however they are heavily covered in a silk-like material called [[source-folder/Completed Works/World/Nature/Natural Resources/Objects/Metoxicon]], this material has a soft feel but appears much like a brown and red leather style material, it has a hard interior and is used for protecting buildings from corrosion or damage as well as absorbing wind and using it to ventilate cities.  Folia’s main landmark is the [[Akili Library]], a vast multi-story library located at the pinnacle of the city overlooking everything else, the library is full of books on all possible topics and within the library’s heart can be found the living spaces for the division's council members.
****
## **History**
Aside from the former connected cities of [[Argo]], Folia is the first capital city in the [[Collective Capital]] region. Located at the most southern point of Phoeba in the state of Coritin, Folia was built initially to educate the people of the Capital, people quickly flooded to Folia, especially the less fortunate who entered the region after the initial open border policy. Folia became one of the greatest victims of overpopulation, causing a constant struggle to expand in order to accommodate such a large influx of people. Eventually the city decided to expand vertically, constructing buildings on top of each other and building walkways over the paths, shaping it into the Folia we have today. During the [[History & Timeline|war]], this vertical structure of the city walked in favour of the people, as incoming assaults from attackers could be seen from a distance and countered from above.
****
## See also:
- [[Akili Library]]
- [[Kara Xavier Museum]]
- [[Shrine of Kulala]]
- [[Phoeba]]