## **History**
Located in the north east of the [[Collective Capital|Capital]], Rapar began as a division for trade and commerce. Its capital city [[Antallagi]], was originally a trade village surrounded by vast farmland. In its early days, Rapar would be responsible for the distribution of resources across the capital. [[Edmond Osorio]] was Rapar’s dedicated leader and was a wealthy pro-capitalist. Osorio got his start managing commerce in the Capital and owned a great many businesses, as such he was able to use his great wealth to support his people. He was a pretty charitable man in some regards, but his bottom line was always about furthering his own wealth, however, he would not step over people in his community to get this wealth, at least not for the most part. Overall, he was a pretty ethical man, but still practised a lot of capitalist habits that could have negative long term effects on the nation. Regardless, Ororio’s assistance allowed the nation to begin building its earliest major cities, while also putting money into farmland and manufacturing in the region.

Many of Rapar’s earliest citizens were hard workers and had expertise in fields, such as construction, manual labour and business. People in the division were already used to not receiving compensation for their work, so actually being not only paid well but also recognized for their work was more than enough to keep the citizens happy.

As Rapar progressed it continued to become a stronger and stronger town for commerce and economy. Eventually it would begin outsourcing its resources to other parts of the region for a cost, thus creating an economic demand for Rapar outside of its own land, but, Osorio wanted to take it further, and began outsourcing his resources outside of the region, in nearby parts of [[The Country]], thus making him the first person in the Capital to own property outside of the region, this was a mutually beneficial endeavour for him and the people of the Country, as it provided them with well paying jobs, brought income into Rapar and helped parts of the Country progress.

When Osorio eventually passed away, the region's newly elected leader, [[Cain Stikos]], began making undesirable changes to the nation. His earlier changes started out small, higher taxes, with the claim of them “benefitting the people”, dismantling workers unions or having insiders privately take them over, thus giving him the power over them, or otherwise making economical changes, with the pretence that these changes will benefit the people. As years passed by, people were realising they were not seeing benefits from these changes, his next moves were even more extreme, buying out businesses, illegalising private business, but the main choice he made, was cutting ties with the people from the country and claiming back the land, this not only forcefully removed many from their homes in the Country, but also largely impacted their economy, shut off their trade routes between them and the Capital and cut any ties they had together. These events led to raised tensions between the two regions, though the Country was largely powerless to do anything against them.

A revolt began in Rapar, and while their military power was able to hold back the people at first, many members of the Rapar military soon came to join the revolution after being ordered to use lethal force on any revolutionists. Rapar was always a nation built on community and helping one another, and so, even the military had that sense of community, as such, Stikos was overrun and killed only a few years into his leadership position. Sadly the damage had already been done and ties with the Country were irreparable. Many people inside Rapar were out on the streets and without jobs and with no leader to take over, as [[Prometheus Roths|Prometheus]] had not yet prepared a leader to take over, power was temporarily handed to the people, the division became pretty socialist for a few years, former military were still in place to uphold standard laws too, so crime rates were not up and for the most part people were happy, however without proper leadership it was hard for the nation to progress properly and especially leading into the war this caused many issues for the people.

Going into the [[The Great Roths Massacres|war]], Rapar’s people definitely suffered the most, in the early stages of the war, Rapar was the front of many attacks from the outside, especially the Country, thanks to their hostility towards each other. Still, they were able to defend themselves to an extent, but without any directive to go by, they were unable to lead any form of assault. As a temporary solution, Rapar handed its power over to [[Stheno Roths|Stheno]], giving her full control of the nation's resources, this made the war on the country much more violent and further increased hostility towards Rapar. Life during the war was hard for the citizens, they lived largely under martial law and were typically on strict curfews, travel was strictly forbidden and the threat of attack was always looming overhead. The strong and willing were sent out to fight and the unwilling remained in their homes for the remainder of the war, some villages and people were lost during the war, however, very few were ultimately affected thanks to Stheno’s intervention.

As the war settled down, following the passing of Stheno Roths, [[Medusa Roths]] elected a new leader to the nation. [[Amanda Dorothy]] was a political head from [[Argo]] that nominated herself to help return Rapar to its roots, Dorothy would return that which had been previously taken by Stikos, and tried to mend public relations with the nation, this worked for the most part and Rapar continued to prosper.

Nowadays the land is still run by Dorothy, and trade routes in the northern country have even begun to open up too. The economy of Rapar has begun to once again flourish, and they’re once again able to provide their services to other regions.
****
## **Climate, Geography and Wildlife**
Rapar has a vast ecosystem, with a variety of environments, northern and north western areas are typically snowy with hills. Where areas more towards the centre tend to be grassy hills with vast lakes. Finally, towards the south, many areas are open grasslands, the southern areas are often flat and spread for miles.

Rapar’s weather is commonly either bright sunny days, or light rainy days, typically with a bit of overcast in between. Weather in Rapar isn’t particularly interesting, usually being one of those two, however, this is beneficial to the locals, as it helps their farmlands prosper. Rapar is also not prone to any major natural disasters.

Rapar’s has a slight [[Lycaon (Divisa Lupus)|Lycaon]] infestation problem, extending over from the country; they are a minor issue for the nation and typically not a threat very often. Rapar also sees [[Harpies (Avis Pluvia)]] from time to time but these are once again a rarity.
****
## **Living Conditions**
Life in Rapar is mixed, depending on who you ask. On one hand, the division is a very safe place to live in, with low crime and no threats from nature, however, on the other hand, the cost of living, especially in larger cities, is extremely high, additionally, there is no laws preventing overmarking of prices, which means many stores are able to take advantage of the people by marking prices sky high.

Additionally Rapar also has an underground [[The Black Market|black market]], they operates in the tunnels below cities and often move operations regularly, to avoid legal repercussions. This black market often deals with illegal substances, personal information of individuals and other illegal information, as such, a major crime that happens in Rapar is information trading and this largely affects people of the nation as information that is traded can often be used for identity fraud, false claims and other malicious practices involving money.

Poverty, as mentioned before, is often an issue in Rapar, people in Rapar are typically born into rich families, or move there because they have the money, however, people who aren't so fortunate often end up being forced to leave their homes.
****
**Culture**
Rapar doesn’t particularly have any notable culture, they aren’t super interested in the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]], there aren't any major [[Faiths|religions]] to speak of, most people tend to wish to live their lives unaffected by other factors or lifestyles, as such outside of their economy, Rapar has little to mention in this regard.
****
## **Government**
[[Amanda Dorothy]], is a highly capitalist leader, focused on boosting the economy of Rapar. Dorothy’s interests operate on a self-serving interest first, however, her interests stand in upholding Rapar and maintaining a strong economy for her people. Recently, Dorothy has been making moves in secret, alleged negotiations with [[The Country]] near the border have been rumoured to take place, and some rumours even suggest that Dorothy has been preparing to hand-pick her own successor, breaking the trend of the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]] choosing the region's ruler.
****
## See also:
- [[Antallagi]]
- [[The Tube]]
- [[The Black Market]]
