This entry is a contributor [[Submissions & Credits|submission]] by RedYoshe

The (Ridens Canem) more commonly known as the Mahaha is a [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] stemming from the Canis Lupus Arctos species of animal.

Mahaha are a natural born hunter Lusii with deceptive method of attack, they are highly dangerous and should be dealt with using care. Evolving from a species that is already a hunter, the Mahaha developed even further abilities to hunt their prey, most importantly is their slanted bodies, raising up line an incline their front and back legs differ in size in order to help with traversal and hunting. Their back legs are short and stubby with thicker feet that have a stronger grip while their front legs are lanky and long, with sharp, hand-like claws with lengthy fingers that they use for attacking. Their body is humanoid, appearing very skinny and bony, as if they haven't eaten, though they do not gain weight even when they eat. Their head is shaped like a wolf skull with flesh layered over it, lacking any boneless features like ears, though they do have eyes, their jaws are also a little unhinged and tend to hang down, causing their distinct laugh as their head vibrates and additionally they have long skinny tongues that almost act as their own appendage. Their skin is incredibly thin, though surprisingly resilient especially to harsh weather conditions and temperatures. Mahaha have the exceptional ability to create mental hallucinations, causing their laugh to sound from a completely different place than where they are actually waiting.

Mahaha live for short of a decade before dying and typically die of natural causes. They're carnivorous creatures, eating any animal they find in the wild. They're very territorial, while still remaining as hunters, meaning they usually hunt close to home and tend to not leave the vicinity of their home. They typically live in small caves or shelter under trees, they hunt within range of these homes and bring their food back to feed their young as well as to eat in peace. When hunting, Mahaha tend to target prey from a distance, their incredibly sharp senses mean that they do not need to see prey in order to sense them and can attack from long ranges. Their first move in a hunt is to use their magic to deceive their prey, laughing from unknown directions to allow their prey to run into them, this then causes their prey to fall right into their grasp where they will then enter their assault. Charging towards their prey they will slash them with their sharp claws, standing on two legs for extended range during their swing. In the case that their prey is able to dodge their initial assault, they will laugh along with their packs, causing head splitting pains in their prey which usually causes them to lower their guard. Once their prey has been killed or incapacitated, they will drag them back to their home and eat them.

In an encounter with a pack of Mahaha it is important to think first, if you hear their laugh your best bet is to run towards it, as that is the area they are least likely to be waiting. If you still run into the pack, focus on defensive magic, your senses will be nearly useless to you as they only hunt during snowstorms and so your vision and hearing will be greatly hindered. Attempt to harm them with blunt force a their bodies are quite fragile against such damage.


