Iratus Taur, more commonly known as the Minotaur, is a [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] classified evolved creature that originates from the Bos Taurus species of animal. 

Minotaurs derive their name from their bull-like horns and their aggressive facial expression even when they are docile. Minotaur’s most distinct feature is their face is one giant mouth that is constantly agape. Unlike regular bulls, Minotaur horns protrude out of their mouths like tongues, this horn appears to come from deep in their body. As their horns hold their mouth open, Minotaurs are unable to close them, this means that they have no need for teeth and will often discard them at a young age, this gives the minotaur an appearance of constantly smiling. Minotaurs also have no fur, their skin is instead made of a coarse organic material that feels as tough as stone. Minotaur’s feet are clawed, their legs shaped more like that of a lizard which allows them to ground themselves when attacking but removes their ability to ram and charge and also prevents them from balancing on large inclines. Having legs like this also causes Minotaur bodies to remain low to the ground, allowing them to blend into rocky environments. Minotaurs are not observed to have any magical capabilities and they have very little protection from [[Magic|magic]].

Minotaur live for around 10-15 years, their bodies have evolved to let them live off of an all liquid diet, however, they still require a certain level of sustenance and so often prey on other animals in order to feed off of their body fluids, primarily stomach acids. Minotaur live in generally open areas, grassy fields predominantly but rocky plains may also contain packs of minotaur. Typically minotaur reside together in packs of 4-5, they communicate using low groaning sounds produced with vibrations across the horn in their throats. Minotaurs sleep patterns are quite unpredictable, as they sleep fairly regularly, they bury their claws into the earth which allows them to feel vibrations approaching which causes them to wake up and be ready to attack. Minotaurs hunt by burying their heads into the rocks, allowing them to blend amongst the environment. If they are in a group then they huddle together in order to appear as a pile of rocks. When their unsuspecting prey gets close they will use their buried feet to cause small tremors in the ground, this will stagger most creatures even ones that are heavier than the minotaur, their clawed feet will be enough to keep them from falling. The pack will then approach their prey, surrounding them and using their horns to gouge into their prey, usually aiming for the stomach area, their horns will be able to absorb the liquids that leak onto it, thus allowing it to enter the Minotaurs digestive system.

To avoid Minotaur’s it is advised to avoid anything that may appear as a random assortment of rocks in the wild. Minotaurs will not approach any living creature on their own even if they may appear defenseless. Should you become surrounded by a herd of wild Minotaur, attempt to roll underneath one of them. As they are unable to reach you underneath one another due to their low bodies, you will be able to escape by simply crawling through to the other side. Minotaurs will not rest their bodies on a surface that is not completely flat and so you would not be at risk of being crushed. They may also not be able to find you if you remain still, as their lack of sight means they rely on vibrations to keep track of their prey.
