Plaga Rodentis, more commonly known as Ratatoskr, is a Lusii classified evolved creature, originating from the Rodentia species of animal.

Ratatoskr came about after the disaster. Various diseases within their bodies caused bacterial infection to quickly spread through their flesh, causing rapid cell growth within their blood cells. Their bones thinned out but their body tissue expanded, despite their thin fragile bones their bodies were able to keep shape and even increase in size. Their teeth became more needle-like in shape, their eyes became bloodshot and their hair completely shed from their body. Many visible veins can be seen through the body of the creature. Additionally they have extensive, thick tails that have thin internal tissue, allowing it to curl it like a coil. Ratatoskr are also able to use [[Magic|blood magic]], allowing them to reform their bodies after being cut or beaten.

Ratatoskr live for roughly half a year before rapid cell growth causes their body to melt, often leaving behind a pool of blood, this pool of blood can give birth to newly born Ratatoskr. Ratatsokr typically feed on diseased animals or sometimes humans and often hunt alone. They live in cities mostly hiding within sewers and alleyways in more decrepit areas. During a hunt they will typically target isolated individuals and rope them into their living space with their long thick tails. After capturing their prey they will bite into them with their sharp teeth, spreading their diseases onto their prey. From here Ratatsokr will incapacitate their prey by biting their limbs, causing them to numb and be immobilised. Death becomes an inevitability for their prey at this point, as even if they managed to escape, the rapid blood clots would kill them long before they could find medical help, additionally removal of infected limb would be too slow to avoid the spread of infection. After their prey dies the Ratatoskr will devour it. Ratatoskr display a high level of intelligence, they are capable of speech with one another, in fact their violent behaviour appears to stem from the pain brought about by their disease, this has caused debate amongst experts as to whether they should truly be given Lusii status.

Avoiding Ratatsokr requires only a small amount of vigilance, their approach is loud and their nests reek of blood. Should you be attacked by a Ratatoskr, damaging the tail is the simplest method of escape, trying to avoid infection at all costs is the top priority. Damaging the tail should allow for enough time to escape the Ratatoskr. In a fight with a Ratatoskr, cutting or beating will do nothing but aggravate it, instead you should attempt to entrap it, the only known methods of killing a Ratatoskr is drowning or suffocation, after their death it is recommended to dispose of their remains via burning.
