When he who shines in the sky bestowed unto the enlightened ones divine knowledge, he did so with the hopes that they who are worthy would guide those unenlightened into a place beyond the temptations of that which we call black magic. For his wisdom is absolute and his blessings are pure, and though we call his gift divine magic, in truth it is a culmination of his authority, an example of his magnificence. Those who defile his authority will raise unto one of the seventy-two pillars of the demonic plane, and will be granted the title sinner. A sinner cannot be forgiven by our lord and will be forever plagued with the mark of his blood, a demonstration of their transgressions against his glory. Of the seventy-two, two pillars stand tall. The fifth tower of sin, Marbas, and the ninth whose name must never be uttered, they are the wandering sinners who wish to purge the divine and cast down their authority with their black arts. Marbas is a graceless sinner, he dares defile the authority of our lord, and so he will be punished for the sin of changing the story penned by our lord. The ninth who shall not be named, is a cunning sinner, her sin has already come to pass and her closeness to the first heretic of the sun means our peering eye can watch forever over her, her sin is turning gold into black and black into gold, her loyalty to the heretic knowing no bounds as she betrays the divine authority of the fifth descendant of the second return. Though our kind may hold the remains of the twenty-fifth sinner, her black arts do not belong to us, we hold her in our everlasting prison in the heart of the dominion gifted to us by the lord, for wee cannot allow her legacy to stain his glorious plane furthermore. 

The first who sinned was the foul serpent that plagued the moon over thirty-two millennia ago, when the conjoined twins of Gemini severed their stars in two, becoming the twin snakes of the seventy-two towers. The first twin, Bael, devoured a segment of the everlasting moon, invoking the wrath of our lord and becoming sealed away in a magnificent casket. The second twin who committed the first transgression, was banished into the other by his might, as it pleaded for forgiveness from our lord, it was offered a chance at forgiveness. Our lord dictated that if thee who committed the first transgression but had yet to sin could quench thy eternal hunger, by devouring the sins locked inside the dark urn, then thee would be offered a chance for repentance. But the first transgressor was tempted by sin, and freed the beasts from captivity, bringing eternal ruin to the lords land of peace. 