## Act I
"For our fates are tied and our bodies bound, this tug of war between our souls doth know no conclusion." 
"Then, sister, let us severe our bodies and free our souls, for our guiding lights shine upon different paths."
With those words, the twin headed snake cut its body in two, splitting one from one in a moment of bloodstained agony. Their saviour had plagued them with torment since their birth, and now they were free of their own volition. Bael, the silver-headed serpent, known for her trickery, would stare her sister in the eyes for the first time in history. "What art your intentions now, dear sister?" asks the curious serpent. The blue headed snake doth not answer, for free will had never crossed her mind before, she had always known the bondage of which her lord had bestowed to her, and thus resented him for such. The silver snake becomes uninterested, her gaze fixated on the seven shining mirrors cast into the sky, watching over the land when the light laid sleeping. For to dare hide away from his gaze was a concept unheard, his authority reigned above all, his light illuminating even the darkest corners of the world. "One shall blind the light, even if only a fragment, and one shall become an accomplice of darkness." Asserts the silver snake, before ascending beyond the veil of the clouds and biting down on the smallest silver eye, crushing it beneath her venomous teeth. Thus invoked the lights wrath, for to blind his watchful eye was to cut away at his body. The following morn, the light appeared before the serpent, awakening her from slumber, and to her she said. "Servant of Light, for what do you blind my peering gaze?" With a smirk of arrogance, the snake responds. "Oh glorious light, forgive one for thy transgressions, pardon my crimes and allow me to repent." Thus the snake hung her head, feigning sorrow for her actions. The light dimmed for a moment, appearing as if to think. "I shall grant your forgiveness, o' child of light, for your birth is pure and your heart is clean. Though your repentance shall come, thou must abide by my commands and do as I ask, or else be banished to an eternity of darkness." Beams of light engulf the snake, her forming shifting to that of the Light's own kind, one that is bound by restriction and rule, the one the Light calls 'Human'. "Go to the land where light shineth not, plead to their people that the light will guide them, command them to exit their dark plane and stand amongst the light, lest they ignite my wrath. When three hundred and ninety suns have passed, I shall send my loyalist side to receive the news on my behalf. Should you succeed, all transgressions will be forgiven, where should you fail, you will remain in the dark eternally." The woman scoffs, for she was a fool, a fool who knew to pretend. "Yes my lord, I shall see it done." Within a moment, the light vanishes around her, and land opened to swallow her whole. She falls into a land of darkness, though no light shines upon it, her eyes may still perceive the horrors of this accursed land. Vile abominations wander the land, creatures of iniquity that can only behave in uncouth manners. Bael walked amongst the beasts without rule, creatures that would devour each other in an instant, monstrosities whose actions were without reason, for reason shined not upon this land, order not set amongst the inhabitants. Bael fears not however, for she believes those bathed in darkness to be beneath her, she approaches one such beast and inquires. "Oh lowly beast of filth and dark, take me to the one that leads you." But the beast only scoffs, widening its jaws to devour the child of light. Though the child of light was superior, her fangs sharper and her wits greater, her body blessed by the light, and so she calls upon her silver blade, slicing the beast in two in a blinding flash of light. The others now begin to take notice, as Bael stands under the still raining remains of the foul creature. This spectacle catches the eye of one, Rhan-Tegoth, a beast that stood bigger and better than his kin. "What are your demands, o' lightless child of light?" He calls. "Come three hundred and ninety moons, the lord of light will bring forth his greatest envoy. Kneel before the light and he shall spare your life, stand your ground and he shall strike you down." Asserts Bael. "Or instead stand with me, and I shall shield you from his glow." She continues. The beasts laugh and mock the apostle of light, ignoring her word. Bael cares not for such lowly creatures however, and gives up her endeavour. And so she waits, and three hundred and ninety moons come to pass, and the gate to the land of dark opens once more, an angelic figure with white wings appearing before Bael. "Oh transgressor of the lord light, hath thee convinced the beasts of dark?" Questions the envoy of light. "O' envoy of light, I plead you, state thy name before speaking" Returns Bael, a mocking smile stretching across her face. "Sobeit then, thee may refer to one as Tixarc, . Now let one ask again, transgressor of light, hath thee accomplished thy task?" He replies. Bael breaks out into a fit of manic laughter, her face contorting behind the rising smoke of the lands surface. Bael's voice suddenly breaks into a raspy tone, filled with malice. "Sincerest apologies o' brother angel, I was unable to convince the beasts." She says to him, her eyes fixated on him. Suddenly the creatures of the land gather, spectating the face-off of the children of light. Tixarc raises his arm upwards, flames erupting above him in a smouldering ball of rage as he calls upon his flaming blade to his hand. "Then by name of the great light that fills to land, I, Tixarc, will banish all transgressors into nothingness! May your bodies be reborn as a new flame that will warm the world!" With that declaration, Tixarc swings his blade, a scorching wave of flame incinerating all around him. Bael is able to shield herself with her wings, their feathers turning black and their ends sharping like blades. She begins to laugh once more, her voice remaining a raspy tone like her throat was tearing as she spoke. "Then let it be so!" She screams as she rushes towards Tixarc, her clawed hand locking right onto his neck as she closes the gap. Bael dodges and ducks her way through every flaming swing of Tixarc's blade, swinging her arms frantically, yet precisely, scraping across his thick metal armour with the ear piercing sound of scratching gold. Tixarc's swings were precise and calculated, his body hardly moving as he firmly stands his ground. Meanwhile, Bael's attacks were frantic, exaggerative and over the top, her whole body spinning with her swings as she jumps around, attempting to overpower Tixarc. With a sudden miscalculated jump, Bael leaves herself wide open for attack, with Tixarc capitalizing on this error by striking his sword down through her back, the searing flames burning away at her flesh as she struggles to move. Hoards of creatures watching from the darkness as the flesh around the wound begins to turn to a lifeless grey colour, before disappearing into a veil of smoke. Tixarc hardly has a chance to react before a sharp object penetrates the back of his neck, his body freezing up in shock as Bael appears from behind, walking around him with her claws dragging around the side of his neck, cutting it open. For she was a fool, and a fool could be predicted not. Tixarc's eyes widened in horror, for that fool had deceived him, and now he will reap that which he sewed. Bael's cold hand coiled around Tixarc's bleeding neck, his blood pouring over her fingers as she grips his throat to quench the waves of blood. "Let know to the light that shines in your feeble world that the transgres- no... The sinner will not yield his request." Tixarc's body weighed heavy, his flesh becoming that of copper as the last embers of life left his green eyes. Bael banished him back to the realm of light, and became greeted by the applause of foul beasts from all around. Without warning a great voice calls to Bael in her mind "Oh great sinner, you have dimmed your light and become one with the void, now take your seat at the thrones of sin, for your tower has risen in the highest mountain of light. But be warned, as your punishment has yet to come, you shall drown in his crimson blood eternally, your body and soul bathed in the his wine forevermore."