(This is an extract from a poorly aged record, the first half appears entirely torn apart)

On that day, in which Fengari engulfed Ilios, Aion gazed upon the blinding dark sky with a cold glare. The first sun had already burnt out, he was the only one remaining now. The moon stared back onto him, it's lone eye staring on with content. Had his five hundred year long fight been in vain? He found himself stood over her resting place, laying a small, decorated, golden box on the earth in which she was buried. The great ones had come, just as that girl had told him five hundred years prior, they had devoured all, only their dark eye remained to shine on the world that would soon too become consumed by their insatiable hunger. But Aion could still think, and so hope still remained. If his dear Erica were here, she would tell him to not give up hope, not until the final spark of the sun burns into the ashes of oblivion. His eyes close for but a moment, only opening them upon hearing the cursed growls of Iok-Sotot. He felt a burning in his chest, a fire born from Helios themself, yearning to escape the confines of this mortal body. He drew his spear, he knew though, this would be the last time he did. The two fought, the mouth of that disgusting beast trying at every turn to devour the prince of the fallen sun. Its golden eye stared at its prey, gleefully indulging itself in his torment. He sliced away at its countless grotesque appendages, every cut exerting a disgusting golden miasma onto the earth, one that's touch would burn for all eternity. Cut after cut, slash after slash, all seemed pointless, as it would simply undo the damage Aion had dealt to it. That disgusting ooze would then seep onto his arm, searing his flesh as it ran across his skin. No matter what he did, the beast would not perish, and even should he slaughter it here, its brothers and sisters would surely come and finish the job. "What a fool I am." He thinks to himself, only short-lived echoes of doubt ringing in his mind as those solar flames continue to scorch his flesh. He takes a deep breath, pushing his body off of Iok-Sotot and creating a gap between them. The foul beast, in all its disgusting and inhuman traits, halts its pursuit, staring at its prey from afar, its single eye squinting in joy as its countless appendages flail around in excitement. Firmly planting his feet into the earth, he lunges his spear into its mouth, watching as it devours it, just as it had devoured everyone and everything else. Aion took one more look into the sky, staring to where the sun once shone down upon the earth, he turned his gaze back to Iok-Sotot, still trying to consume the power within his spear. His flesh began to melt, peeling from his body as though he were being pulled apart. Time was running out, something he thought he would always have, he charged forward, screaming through the agony as he thrusts his body into the beast, exerting all his remaining power to push it back through the dark void it had descended from, the same void that had consumed the sun only weeks prior. With a flash, the beast and the void it came from would vanish, there was no hesitation in his effort, and no ceremony, not even a final word, it simply happened, and as Aion stumbled across the land one final time, he lay down on the surface above where that girl was put to rest. Laying his body above hers, he knew he could finally rest eternally, alongside his dear sister, alongside humanity, all could rest in peace as sin was purged from the earth.