Divisa Lupus, more commonly known as the Lycaon, are Lusii that originate from parasitic micro-organisms. 

Seemingly evolved from dog fleas, Lycaon derive their name from the wolf-like shape they take when they attack. In their docile state, Lycaon appear as a clew of worms, however, a closer look will reveal them to be a small, snake-like worm with numerous tendrils protruding from its rear. These tendrils can twist around with others of its kind to create larger shapes based on creatures that they have sampled the DNA of. As these creatures evolved from the fleas that infest dogs bodies, the shape they take on is a pure blooded version of a canine, thus allowing them to take on the shape of a wolf. Though in the shape of a wolf these creatures are still composed of the small worm creatures and so their internal anatomy has no substance, this also means they have no features on their body such as facial features, teeth, a tongue. Lycaon have small traces of magic that become amplified when combined, this [[Magic]] gives them small healing properties allowing them to regrow if they are cut.

Lycaon live for only a few weeks but reproduce rapidly. They feed by eating the brains of any host they are able to infect, however, they feed slowly and typically die out before causing any real internal damage, unless they manage to infect a host in a group in which case they are able to survive a lot longer. Lycaon live in mountain forests, typically in areas with large populations of animals, typically hiding under rocks waiting to attack unsuspecting animals. Despite appearing as multiple worms, a single crew of Lycaon worms actually share a single hive-mind brain, as such they have no need to communicate. They do not need to sleep and will go their whole lives without ever resting, this means they are active at all times. Lycaon, upon taking on their wolf-life form, will attack their prey by pouncing on them, they weigh very little and so are easily overpowered by most creatures. Once they have toppled their prey they will begin to disperse around its body, burrowing under the flesh and digging their way towards the brain. Small amounts of Lycaon worms entering the body are no threat to most animals as the immune system will fight them off very effectively, as it takes several hours for a single worm to burrow up to the brain due to their small size. If a Lycaon fails to overpower their prey they will typically retreat quickly.

Lycaons are not very common in areas near civilization, however, should you find yourself encountering one, fending them off is reasonably straight forward. Lycaons are terrified of light and so intimidating them using a flashlight or flame is the easiest way to fend them off. Alternatively if you believe a Lycaon may be nearby, retreat to open sunlight as they have a tendency to avoid the sun. If you get into a fight with a Lycaon that cannot be avoided, be sure to be defensive, if there is no way to burn them away then simply prioritize blocking direct contact with the flesh, if you feel pain in any part of your body be sure to check it immediately. In the case that a Lycaon worm enters your body, you are likely to be fine, however to be safe make sure to rub the wound with rubbing alcohol or another form of medicinal solution immediately, if you feel any unusual symptoms, seek medical help immediately.