****
## **History**
The Collective Capital was built right at the conception of the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]] empire, it is the foundation for what would become the new world after their takeover and is the central point for society as it is known today. The Capital started out as a city built over the remains of what was formerly considered the United States, the world was in total disarray after the [[History & Timeline|Solar Disaster]] and with no figures in power, people were turning to anyone they could for community and order. This void was quickly filled by [[Gaia Roths|Gaia]], who, with her grand power, was able to get people to fall into order. Within just a few years, they were able to build a foundation for a new society, a massive wall would be built around the border of what is now known as the Collective Capital, Nobody was allowed in or out. It was thanks to this border and the control [[Gaia Roths|Gaia]] had over the people, that brought them into unison and allowed them to not only clean the region of the majority of its [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]], but also swiftly build the first major city, [[Kathre]], this city was built within the centre of the region, and thus, expansions outwards began. Very quickly, the entire region was able to come together and many cities were built across the land. In her latest years, [[Gaia Roths|Gaia]] decided it best to divide the region into five separate divisions, and allocate each division a governing figure. These five divisions became known as the Collective Capital as we know it, these divisions were called [[Argo]], [[Chilac]], [[Ather]], [[Rapar]] and [[Phoeba]].
The five regions would progress independently, however would directly report everything to the [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]], as time progressed more, each division would devise its own culture and way of life. Not long after this, the borders around the region would open, allowing people to enter and exit freely. At first this did not cause any issues, however, it wouldn’t take long for overpopulation to arise in the region, everybody who could enter wanted to get in the region, it was much safer than living in the areas surrounding the region and life within the capital was simply better. Within just a couple years, the borders would be shut again and heavy entry requirements would be put in place to combat the overpopulation issues, people already within the region who had entered during the opening of the border were not removed from the region, however, they would live a much lower class life than those who were local to the region, though, most did not mind, as the conditions and security within the Capital were much more preferable to living on the outside of the border.
Tensions between people inside and outside of the borders were high but not as high as when [[History & Timeline|The Great Roths Massacres]] began. Outside hostility was at an all time high, military presence was also at an all time high within the region, even moving between towns or cities would require weeks of paperwork. The isolation would take a large mental toll on the people of the region, and for the first time since the [[Roths Family|Roths]] takeover, people began questioning their leader. These questions were quickly silenced however, as the people who spoke out often disappeared without a trace. A silent panic began across the region and people quickly learned that it was safer to silently conform, than to question the power of their leader. For the remainder of the war, people lived in fear, though no harm ever came to the majority, as the war never did spread to the capital, as such by the time the war ended, people were able to get back to their lives pretty easily. Borders reopened and life continued mostly as normal, though the doubt people had in their hearts within the region would linger for years to come.
After the [[History & Timeline|war]], came a new order, a much more militaristic society emerged, with guards on every corner you could see. Conflict was gone but the feeling of dread continued to fill the region, as such people finally began to speak out. For the first time in the region's history, a political divide could be noticed, peaceful protest was not a crime anymore and people began to let their voices be heard, and people were listening too, though these voices were a vocal minority, most people were happy and content with the lives they had and had no aspirations to take it further, as such no real change was implemented.
Thus we arrive at the present day, the region remains as it has done since the [[The Great Roths Massacres|war]] ended, most people remain living a pretty luxurious life and the protestors are few and far between.
****
## **Infrastructure**
The region is heavily prided on its progressive nature, and as such, is constantly evolving. Every area in the region is vastly different from one another and architecture varies from place to place, however, all across the region you will find large cities, powered heavily by magic. Thanks to many advancements in magic technology transport is all done through [[Magic Gates|magic gates]] connecting cities together and so, getting around within the Capital is as easy as it could possibly be. Additionally, most buildings in the larger cities are designated for housing and activities such as gyms, libraries etc. This is thanks to the Capital and its people primarily being more well off and having investments in business located outside of the capital, this benefits both the citizens and the working class by providing them more funding and resources.
****
## **Living Conditions**
Living in the Capital is considered by practically everyone to be the ideal, top of the ladder lifestyle. The majority of people living here are upper-middle to high class citizens, over 70% of the Capital population do not have to work for more than two days a week due to the autonomous nature of the region and the high class people living within it. Homelessness and poverty within the region is extremely low and the general nature of the people living there is quite friendly.
****
## **Laws**
Being the region the rest of the world majorly revolves around, means that law and law-keeping within the region are well kept. The laws of the Capital are pretty standard and no excess laws are enforced upon the citizens, however, law enforcement within the region is strict, and thus, law breaking typically leads to severe punishments, though this is rarely a problem, as crime rates within the region are very low, and the majority of Capital prisons are full of people from outside the border as opposed to inside.
****
## **Borders**
The Capital's borders are quite hefty, with multiple layers of security. Getting into the capital requires a citizenship card, as well as multiple proof of identity documents. The border also has a magic barrier around it, to prevent anyone from using teleportation magic to enter or exit. The border also frequently has patrols around the perimeter, to ensure nobody enters or exits through the top illegally.
****
## See Also:
- [[Argo]]
- [[Ather]]
- [[Chilac]]
- [[Phoeba]]
- [[Rapar]]