To call it a lifetime ago wouldn’t be an exaggeration. Ironically, however, the lifetime of that unsuspecting girl was tragically cut short, cut to an abrupt end by circumstances out of her control, a tragic fate for a girl whose greatest sin was wanting her family to be happy. It was another lively morning in Moonview. Through the cracked window in her room, the girl could smell the town's regularly scheduled weekend barbecue and hear the sound of children and adults alike cheering and living in the high-spirited atmosphere. Maria wasn’t interested in such liveliness though, so taking one peak out of her window and looking down with a smile, she returned to her bedside and gazed over to her bedside cabinet. Upon inspection, she notices an unfamiliar package placed right next to her favorite novel. “To Maria, I know it’s a few months late, but this is your birthday present. I know I promised this year we would be able to afford you something on time, but things didn’t work out with your father's work. Next year we will make it on time for sure! Love, Mom”. Maria gazes down to the floor with a forced smirk, unsurprised, as if this was a regular thing to her. Without hesitating any longer, she opens the haphazardly wrapped package, encased mostly in old newspapers and carefully inspects the contents. Inside, a frilly white dress with puffy sleeves and flowing with blue ruffles across the arms and surrounding the hem, her heart almost missing a beat from the excitement and her face lighting up with an almost comically large smile. Without a second’s hesitation, she throws the dress over her head, flailing her arms around in an attempt to pull them through the ends of the sleeves. After struggling in her self-induced fight for what must’ve been ten whole minutes, Maria was finally able to pull herself through the other end of the dress, rushing over to the mirror gleefully, she smiled at herself with pride before doing a twirl, spinning with the tips of her toes in a perfect semi-circle before stopping to admire the back of the dress, the white and blue of the dress contrasting to her black hair whilst blending perfectly with her ocean blue eyes, the frilliness of the dress equally matching the curls near the bottom of her hair. Twirling one more time before striking a cutesy, vain pose to herself before shooting downstairs to see her family. 

Entering her living room, the ecstatic young girl turns the heads of the entire house with her impactful yet still modest choice of attire. Her brother is the first to comment, jesting about how she’s compensating with her overdone appearance, Maria can only respond in kind by letting out a proud, slow laugh before gazing down upon her brother as if she were overseeing the commoners of her kingdom, a position their height difference rarely allowed for. Maria’s parents could only respond with an ashamed smile, joyed to see their daughter look so happy, but remorseful of the fact that her present was late another year in a row. It took only a warm smile from the girl to set her parents' minds at ease however, a look of contention to help reassure them that she was not bothered. Maria then turns her gaze to her brother, eyeing him like a puppy expecting to be fed. Scarlet, the older of the two siblings, returns her glare with a sarcastic look, rolling his eyes before standing, shifting the height difference so that he was the one looking down at her. “Fine, fine! Let’s go then.” He sighs, immediately knowing what the spoiled girl wants. Maria giggles in an over-the-top, high-pitched tone, satisfied with herself as both siblings exit the out through the back of the house and enter the humbly hand-crafted wooden shed in their yard. What was inside this humbly crafted shack could only be seen by Maria as a work of genius. Rows upon rows of devices made from leftover wires, scraps and leftover materials adorned the entire hut, the sheer quantity of which caused the compact and modest shed to feel like an art gallery with the amount of extravagant items that could be found inside. 

Curiously bouncing around, Maria began to question every little thing: “What does this do?” followed by a monotone response of “Don’t touch that." The duo would repeat this ritual multiple times before both their patience ran dry. “I can’t answer all your questions at once!” was immediately retorted by “Then show me what they do!”. Practically butting heads together. At this point, the more mature and less stubborn one lets out a defeated exhale and picks up one of the countless gadgets sprinkled around the shed. Met yet again with a smirk of victory, he is only able to roll his eyes at Maria as the two leave the building for a demonstration of the device. In a familiar yet alien way, Maria was able to recognize the general shape in an instant, the six strings stretched over the neck, the rounded body shaped like an eight, it was unmistakably a guitar. Maria’s eyes shone brightly like the ocean as her brother handed her the shoddily made instrument. With a wonder and curiosity that can only be described as child-like, Maria begins to pluck at the strings, her playing amateur, but with a passion and love like that of an expert, she handles the guitar with care as she delicately plucks each string, playing a mellow, sombre melody as she does. Unfortunately, however delicately she attempts to play, the poorly wound strings snapped like twigs beneath the girl’s fingers, recoiling towards her at a lightning pace, she recoils in shock, the deceptive pace of the strings ricochet being a ruse for the insignificant graze on the cheek the girl was met with. Disheartened at the fact she had damaged her brother’s hard work, she looks up only to be met with a warm and unbothered smile. “I am surprised it held for as long as it did”, the young lad reassures as a smile returns to the girl’s face. “Shall we try and fix it up together?” he invites, met in turn with a determined peer. 

The siblings return to the shed, spending the entire light of the day cooked up inside a compact wooden box in an attempt to fix up their work. Laughter can be heard alongside yells of teasing, easily recognized by one with older siblings. Both parents, Autumn and Rose, sit in earshot near their back entrance, entertaining themselves with the joyous sounds of youth. Rose was settled down on the porch, needle in one hand and thread in the other, engaged in one of her many hobbies, sewing. For Maria was an eccentric girl and with that eccentric personality came equally eccentric tastes. Maria had a fixation on the creepy and uncanny appearance of dolls and puppets. This fixation was developed from a very young age, as upon hearing that she was going to birth a girl into the world, Rose wanted to give her daughter the experience of playing with toys like any young girl would. Unfortunately, however, Moonview was a small town with a lacking shopping district and a bigger lack of economic wealth. As such, Rose’s only option was to learn to handcraft them herself. Her early work consisted of uncanny and creepy dolls, sewn together dreadfully. Still, Maria cherished these toys growing up and grew a sentimental bond with them. Even as she grew older, the stubborn girl refused to throw them out, she began to collect them like fine art, her museum of dolls growing ever bigger until her otherwise barren bedroom was near overflowing with them. Their uncanniness was startling even to their creator, but Rose treasured her children's happiness above all else. A sudden tap on the shoulder brings the young woman back down to earth as she tilts her head backwards to meet the eyes of her loving husband, who smiles back down at her before inquiring, “Isn’t it about that time?” Rose looks down at her wristwatch, her only manner of telling the time and nods. “Yes it would seem so!”, before removing her watch and handing it to husband.“Kids! I'm going now, are you coming?” In a flash, both siblings exit their workshop, the younger one holding her fists over her chest with enthusiasm while the older one just stands patiently. Both follow Rose’s lead as she turns and begins to walk away. Creaking through the subtly busted in doorway the trio entered the house's heart, both in a literal and a way of emotional value. 

Unlike every other room in the house which was cramped and hard to fit inside, this room was vast and open, in conjunction to the rest of the home it felt almost cathedral-like. The air felt clearer and easier to breathe in, the colours were warm and welcoming, and in the middle, rested the room's trophy centrepiece, a full-size 88-keyed piano, kept in near perfect condition by its owner, the contrast wasn’t just in the room however, as this was the only room where the otherwise rowdy and disorderly siblings were able to collect themselves and listen with tranquillity, as their mother began her performance, the gentle piano resonating through the room with each key in harmony with one another, a perfectly crafted symphony that could soothe even the most agitated of minds, the Piano echoes even throughout the halls in perfect earshot of the sole member of the family who was too busy cooking to listen in person. This brief moment felt like it could stretch for an eternity, such a serene piece set the heart to feel as if things would always remain this calm and peaceful. As the last notes rang out throughout the house, the entire tone was shifted by a sudden and unexpected crash. Screams could be heard in the distance as the mood of the entire room shifted. The room that was once harmonized by unanimous placidity was now restless with discord. If the confusion and uncertainty of the situation wasn’t enough to send one into a panic, then the alarmed look of horror as Autumn forced his way into the room, urging everyone that they need to "Leave immediately!", was sure to incite fear into everyone's heart. 

There was hardly any time to think about it, it was like an otherworldly force had taken over Maria’s body as her vision narrowed and her fight or flight instincts kicked in, her warm heart was overpowered by the freezing feelings of dread crawling like a parasite in her veins. Following her father's lead, the girl, followed by her mother and brother, escaped the house only to see their once quiet town ablaze in flames, a sight like staring into the blazing sun. Not one of them had time to take in what was happening. They didn’t even get the chance to run before coming face to face with a group of what appeared to be armed guards using magic to destroy everything in their way. Their actions were mindless and emotionless, like they were uninterested in what they were doing or as if their actions were simply routine for them. Nobody in the family had any sort of experience using magic and so, even knowing all odds were against him, Autumn charged head first towards the soldiers, trying to at least distract them to give his family a chance to escape. Nobody had time to object or argue against his choice before he made it. Before they were even able to understand the gravity of their situation, Autumn was already incapacitated on the ground. Maria felt sick to her stomach, digging her nails deep into her other arm to try and ease her senses a little as she ran past the horrific scene, daring not to glance over at the scene she could only envision in her mind the horrors of. Finally able to catch a breath, Maria looked around only to realize she had lost track of her remaining family, unable to see or hear them amidst the chaos. Fear engulfed her further as she panicked. Looking all around in distress, she ran towards the first sign of life that she spotted, but the individual she was running towards was no friendly face at all. Instead, she was met face to face with the fiery silhouette of a woman who, by all accounts, could only be described as royalty, her fleeting silver dress and her intricately crafted metallic crown that reflected the flames surrounding the pair. But the aspects that would burn the deepest into Maria’s brain would be the disgusting, sharp-toothed grin that spread across her face and the irrevocably priceless rapier, that of which could only be held by royalty. Such a sight petrified Maria in her tracks, as that same power that allowed her to run before had now stopped her in place like a statue, only able to watch as the entity she could only justify as being a demon, approached her slowly, almost mocking her inability to move. Her bones were chained in place, her limbs as frozen as ice. If she didn’t act now she would uncertainly be slain on the spot. In her head she prayed and prayed for a miracle to save her. However, what would save her could hardly be described as a miracle. 

To pull her out of her shocked state, an equal amount of shock would need to counteract it, and that shock, unfortunately, came with the sight of her brother standing between her and her opposition. Her attempt to reach out a hand and pull him away so they can both run was swiftly interrupted by their attacker, using him as an example of what happens to anyone who opposes her, Maria was narrowly able to avoid seeing her father's demise, but her eyes could not evade the horrific sight as her brother was executed in front of her, his blood painting her white canvas dress and dying it a deep red colour. Widening further, her eyes took in the sight, another scene that would be burnt into her brain in her attempts to escape her demise. She simply had to run, she couldn’t let those who tried to protect her have their deaths be in vain. Shock and fear kept her from allowing herself to cry as she ran away, feeling utterly powerless as she fled. The clarity of the situation allowed her to take in her surroundings as she ran, the amount of death and ruin around her was a trauma a whole lifetime couldn’t fix. She tried to close her eyes, but once again felt a force keeping her from looking away. Somehow she felt this was all her fault. It was irrational, It made no sense, but neither did anything that was happening. She had done nothing wrong and yet an inhuman wrath was raining down on her like a fire from a volcano. Maria stopped in her tracks, lamenting the futility of it all, her town was gone, her brother and father killed, even if she lived to see the next day, what would await her after that? The more she thought about it the more the blood burned away at the once freezing cold dread in her body, her fear became overtaken by an overwhelming feeling of uselessness. Her family had done everything for her and yet she could do nothing to pay them back for it. If her mother was still out there, then the least she could do was buy her some time, right? Maria turned back to the vicious, blood-thirsting aggressor, reaching down to her feet and picking up a gardening scythe and raising it against her opponent, even just the meagre sight was enough to send the shadowy figure into a fit of laughter, scoffing mockingly at the girl's futile attempt at a rebellion. Maria didn’t spare even a word in response. Striking towards her opponent, the woman’s face turns to that of shock as the blade cuts right through her body. In just one strike, Maria was able to dispose of her assailant as the woman froze, the life leaving her eyes. For a moment she is able to let out a sigh of relief, but that relief is torn away quickly when her eyes return to where the woman once stood, only to be greeted with nothing. Before she can react at all, a sharp pain thrusts through her back, piercing back through her chest, her vision blurring as she looks down to see that accursed rapier penetrating her body, indescribable amounts of gore resting on the tip of the blade while the remaining white of her dress becomes dyed in red. Shock was the only thing keeping Maria’s body functioning, her barely conscious mind just able to make out a familiar woman approaching. Wounded and beaten, Rose was barely clinging on as well, likely held on by the same force that kept Maria going this long. However, unlike Maria, Rose showed very little sign of injury. She was visibly in pain, but her body did not look damaged at all, like a divine force was protecting her. That force, however, was far too much for the frail woman’s body. An eruption of energy explodes from her body, completely devoid of any sort of colour. The last thing Maria is able to see is the entire world around her becoming consumed by that pitch black abyss.

“I feel weightless…” Maria’s thoughts echo through her mind. “I can’t see a thing…” they continue to ring out around her, as if she was inside her own mind, every thought reverberating around her like an internal echo chamber. Through the dark void, a single item can be made out, a full-length mirror. The girl approaches the mirror, gazing at herself on the other side. She had never taken note of her appearance until now, she never realized how frail she was, never noticed how snow-white her skin appeared, and on top of that- “Were my eyes always this devoid of colour?” Her eyes interlock with her reflection, a neutral expression implanted onto her face, completely unchanging, fixed perfectly in place, despite all the rage building deep inside of her, the image in the mirror begins to contort and change, first showing her past self, the happy-go-lucky airheaded girl who had her life cut short by circumstances out of her control. She stares at her past self with disdain, only able to see herself as a weak, naive young girl who couldn’t save anyone. Shifting its shape again, the mirror begins to reflect the vile image of the woman who brought about her demise, as if the blood in her body wasn’t already on fire, the excruciating inferno within her was almost melting the flesh from her bones with resentment. Clenching her hand into a seething fist, she slams it right through the mirror, fragmenting it into countless pieces. One more time, the varying reflections of the mirrors began to shift, this time into various golden eyes gazing over her like eagles spying on their prey. Even to the already deceased girl, it was enough to cause her hairs to stand up on edge. An inhumanly maniacal laughter surrounds her as the mirror becomes engulfed amidst the emptiness of the void she had found herself in, the eyes still staring at her, this time from all around the darkness. 

Before Maria knows it, she once again awakens in that place she previously lay, a tall imposing figure standing over her. She doesn’t hesitate for a second, clawing and struggling against her opposition, blinded by anger, she charges down the individual but is quickly pummeled back into the ground, enough force to stop her in her tracks but not enough to seriously hurt her. She struggles a little more before she is able to ascertain that the individual is no threat to her. Maria evaluates the situation and calms her nerves. She ponders to herself before looking around, her town in complete ruins. She could hear the wind blowing past her as it brushed against the trees, the reality of the situation finally coming to her. She recounts the steps that led things to get to this point, tears welling up in her eyes as she turns to the stranger, almost as if pleading with them. Only able to meet her sadness with a soft frown of remorse, the mysterious individual watches as the girl returns to her knees, crying as she takes in the situation around her, respecting her privacy, the stranger takes a few steps away and averts their eyes. Maria bawls her eyes out, everything she ever knew completely shattered, she climbs back to her feet and stumbles over to the house she once resided under. The only thing she was able to find in the rubble was the remains of her favorite novel, “Girl Under the Moonlit Night". Entirely charred, not a single part of the book was intelligible anymore, the book had been entirely erased, like it never existed at all. Maria dropped the book to the ground, her blank blackened gaze fixed on the jumbled pile of metal scraps piled up where her garden shed used to be. Seeing her blatant and clearly defeated attitude, the strangely dressed figure approaches Maria from behind, before they can approach; however, dark puddles open up from the earth's surface like pits from the abyss. Arising from those puddles were four humanoid puppets, semi-mechanical in appearance with plastic bodies and each dressed in unusual and eccentric attire. Bright and vibrant, the first puppet wore pink, punk-rock style attire, wielding an oversized scythe composed of what seemed like animalistic remains. The second puppet wore a more stereotypically emo outfit drenched mostly in red and wielding two dual blades made of a similar organic matter. Third of these puppets was a more professionally dressed puppet wearing vibrant greens dressed like a classy businessman with a neatly kept suit, its weapon was a conduit of sort for casting magic, stretching from one hand to the other, yet again made of a similar type of material as before. And finally, the last remaining puppet was a bit of a loose cannon, dressed in the sort of vibrant blue outfit you would see at a rave or party with glowing rims around the edges of it, fitting the theme of the others; its oversized hammer was once again made of organic material much like the others. Maria’s eyes stared in shock at the four mysterious beings that appeared to have come to her aid. In spite of all that, the one they were protecting Maria from was no threat at all. They let out an open hand, offering to take Maria in. 

Like dogs recalled by their owner, the four puppets returned to Maria’s side, still on alert but docile and obedient. Maria refuses her offer, stating that she needs to find her own place to call home but thanks the stranger for their offer. The stranger respects her decision even if still a little concerned. But before being able to leave, the girl inquires one more thing, “Hey!" she blares out, "What’s your name?”. The individual turned back to Maria, allowing her to get a good look at them. Their chiselled jawline and broadened shoulders contrast with their curly purple hair and clear hairless face and their androgynous facial features make it hard for Maria to discern how exactly she should address the individual, so having a name would probably clear up the confusion for her. The wandering soul responds that their name was Chronos, an answer which would leave Maria equally as confused as she was before. Awkwardly, Maria nods in acknowledgment before the two finally part ways. Maria wanders into the woods as the sun creeps away, allowing for the moonlight to creep overhead. The forest was vast and unending and Maria could hardly find a place to relax, let alone sleep. It seemed that she might be stuck out here forever if she didn’t do something, and so, swallowing her pride, she ventured back in the direction she last saw Chronos. Venturing further in that sole direction until finally, under a large tree upstaging every other tree in the forest, lay the eccentric individual. At first Maria sat next to them, deciding she would simply wait for them to awaken, though as the night grew ever colder, she could hardly keep herself together in the freezing cold. A single idea crosses her mind that she quickly discards, far too embarrassed to even consider that possibility. Maria shivers a little more before glancing over to Chronos, quickly glancing away again before letting out an exhale. Face turning red with embarrassment, she curls up like a lost kitten next to Chronos, huddling up to them for warmth before resting her eyes. Some time must have passed, as when Maria reopens her eyes, Chronos is no longer next to her, but a small fire is alight a few meters behind her. The now rekindled girl turns her head to see Chronos looking over her as her face turns bright red. “If you were that cold, you could have simply said, you know.” the sarcastic adult chuckles as Maria hides her face in embarrassment. The eccentric duo both sit around the fire together as Maria reluctantly declares she has reconsidered Chronos’ offer. “Sorry~ offer’s up!" they jest, continuing with, "Better luck next time." Maria sees right through their sarcastic tone and just barely cracks a smile. Chronos then returns the smile as the two continue to talk and laugh throughout the night.

Three years have passed since then. That night was one of the last times in her life Maria had let herself open up to another’s warmth. The life Maria once knew, the one where she had a loving family and a carefree life, was quite literally a lifetime ago. It'd been a hundred years since the raid that destroyed both her life and her hometown and it didn’t take long for Maria to learn the truth of what happened that night. The head of the Roths family at that time, 'Stheno Roths', had conducted a raid on her town alongside numerous other towns and cities before her. These raids appeared devoid of any meaning and were only enacted as shows of power. Strangely, however, Stheno never returned from these raids, and the title of queen was passed down to the next heir, Medusa Roths, current head of the Roths Family. In the time between awakening and now, Maria had been seeking out power in secret, learning from magic text books, studying under the necromancers for a time and even using that power to give her four puppets consciousness. Maria came to name three of these puppets after her late family members, Rose, Scarlet and Autumn. Ocean, however, was a name she chose in reminiscence of the other girl that died that night, the young child with ocean blue eyes and a personality as bubbly as water. Maria's four puppets were her protectors, of which she used to channel her power as her body was too frail to release it herself. Presently, the girl who adopted the name of that long deceased girl, 'Maria Lavaux, finds herself with a one-track mind, her only intention being to end the remaining members of the Roths family, her eyes fixed on Medusa Roths as her target.
