Three ringing bells echo out through the building as applause and yelling erupt through the halls. Youth is a virtue we don’t all get forever, so it’s best to make the most of it while we can, the young man affirms to himself as he psyches himself up. Thrill seeking and competition are the very core of his life. So how ironic it is that those are the very things that could bring it to an end at any second.  Three more bells strike, as he closes his eyes, cleansing his mind of thought, his senses begin to lose focus. He was having that vision yet again. Everything was misty and unclear. He was hardly able to paint a perfect picture of it in his head, only able to recall the vaguest details. Countless people, features completely indiscernible, cloaked in robes crowded the vast empty room, each one of them towering over him like skyscrapers in a city. It was like being lost in a forest, unable to see what's in front of you, with incomprehensible noises all around. The vision ends there, no matter how hard he tries, he is unable to recall any more details. More often than not, he tends to try to ignore such an intrusive vision. He shakes the thought off with ease, masterfully clearing his mind of obstructive thought. 

Stretching his arms out as far from his body as he could, the metal components under his jacket that were wrapped around his arm like sleeves, expands outwards into a pair of large, metal gauntlets, as they exert steam from the cogs that turn under the surface components. Ringing out once more to complete a perfect trinity, the bells resound louder this time, echoing in triumph as a voice, amplified by way of the various speakers surrounding the room next door, announces the victor of the duel. A smug and arrogant smirk appears over the haughty, young man's face as he readies himself, both physically and mentally, one more time before the beginning of his turn. He looks again at the gauntlets encasing his arms, they are one of his oldest works, and yet, still his proudest. For all the futuristic firearms, magical conduits and over the top blades that he had made, there was something simply enticing about the raw, blunt forced and crude combat style that came with his giant mechanical gauntlets. Another set of bells ring as that same enthusiastic voice from before announces the beginning of a new round. 

"Ladies, Gentleman and everything in between, whether you're human or demi-human, we welcome you, one and all to yet another exciting competition, hosted by yours truly at the Chicken Coop, the only place where you can watch as two of our bravest warriors' duke it out in our free for all, unmoderated, no-holds-barred combat ring. Today we have for you all a fan favourite, a rising star, the underdog who never loses. The lion of the cage, Juno!" The crowd explodes, cheering and screaming his name as he emerges from the curtain in his corner. Waving at the crowd as the iron gate closes him inside the cage. On the other side of the arena, stands the winner of the previous round, his name not important to Juno as he readies his fists. Juno carefully analyses his opponent's opening movements, carefully coming to grips with how he moves. His opponent, however, was equally cautious, understanding that Juno had never once lost a fight. To call Juno the underdog would be no exaggeration, as unlike everyone else, Juno lacked even the slightest trace of mana in his body and as even the weakest magic wielders had a protective coating enshrouding their bodies, it meant that Juno was both, less durable and less lethal. Despite all of those shortcomings, however, Juno was able to hold his own enough to get through all of his previous competition. 

In a flash, his almost inhumanly fast reflexes kicked in, noticing an ever so subtle twitch in his opponent's focus, Juno flung his arms behind him, immediately activating one of the many functions of them. Loud echoes blast outwards of the arena as Juno produces a heavy shockwave, propelling his body with the momentum directly into his foe. Extending his legs outwards, like arrows soaring towards the unprepared man standing in opposition to him. Juno hurls into his opponent with a heavy kick, impacting right into their neck, head flying backwards as Juno throws one foot into the man's chest. Using his opponent's body to propel himself, Juno flies backwards off the man, blasting another shockwave into the air to return him to the ground. Without a seconds' hesitation, Juno throws a flurry of punches at the man, focusing all his force into the head to keep the man dazed for as long as possible. As if this beating wasn't embarrassing enough for his opponent, the applause and cheering of the crowd as he was pummelled into the cage's side, every attempt to readjust himself was expertly predicted by Juno. Vision blurring and blood rushing from his face, the man concedes despondently. In any other duel, surrendering would not be acceptable, as due to the rules of the cage, a concession does not have to be upheld. Juno, however, fought with honour, only aiming to win. Respecting the man's decision to accept defeat, Juno catches the disoriented combatant, laying him down on the arena floor. 

Disappointed booing blurts out from the audience booths, furious that the blood-soaking, gut-wrenching finale that they had looked forward to had ended in such a disappointing manner. Juno had no interest in pleasing the audience, however, he was interested only in a fight and that is what he got. As such, Juno was beyond content to leave the arena, much to the dismay of the crowd. Returning to the changing rooms, Juno is confronted by a trio of disgruntled, unsatisfied spectators, their fixed gazes on him being all too familiar. Such a sight had Juno seen countless times, as such he was quite prepared for this, simply walking past them with a disregard. Not a single attention was spared to the crowd as they stood there frustrated, barely able to speak a word for several seconds before one finally snarled, “Do you have any idea the money we paid for this?!”. Juno doesn’t react at all. “Did you not hear us?!” the individual yells as Juno takes out his towel and jacket from his locker, his eyes just barely shifting in their direction. Juno smiles before walking past them. Content with his victory, Juno leaves the fight club and proceeds through the unnervingly quiet streets, the buildings were decrepit and the street lights were dull, few buildings stood in stable condition, with only a handful of nightclubs glimmering far down the secluded road. 

Not too far away, Juno hears what sounds like light footsteps and scratching, accompanied by a foul odour, before he is able to turn to look; however, he becomes ensnared in a thick, fleshy tail-like appendage. Sweat begins to pour from his face as he struggles to escape, however, Juno still faces his predicament with a smirk. He stares now towards his attacker, a large, hairless, rodent with needle shaped teeth and blood-shot eyes. Juno scoffs, still grinning as he reaches for the beast's tail, crushing it beneath his hand, causing it to wince in pain as it loosens its grip. Juno backs a few steps away and raises his gauntlets. “Well well- I’ll spare squeaking any cheesy jokes shall I?” he jests arrogantly, the creature roaring back in response. As the beast now identified by Juno as a Ratatoskr pounces towards him, he grabs its jaws with his gauntlets, holding them open as it struggles, attempting to bite down on his arm. Juno twists its neck around, flipping its entire body on its back before throwing it far into the alley that it came from before punching the walls of one of the abandoned buildings. The bricks collapse and the Ratatoskr is entrapped under the debris, in an arrogant manner Juno removes his gauntlets but he is able to react, a pool of blood secreting from the rocks begins to form at his feet. Juno’s eyes widen as the Ratatoskr rises out of the blood pool, reforming its body as it does, Juno barely holding it at bay with his grip on its mouth. Both struggle for control, shaking, squirming and thrusting each other around. Both continue this struggle, until suddenly, the Ratatoskr simply stops moving, its eyes rolling into the back of its head as it falls aside. Juno scurries backwards, backing into a young girl walking by at the time. Standing up, Juno apologises excessively to the girl, who gives an uncanny smile back. Juno looks at the girl, she wears a fancy red dress, her eyes a matching red, giving a sharp piercing gaze. “Just be careful around here, the moon can’t always protect you here.” the girl asserts. “The moon?” Juno asks in return. The girl's finger points up towards the moon as Juno looks up towards it. Glancing only for a second before looking back, the girl had disappeared in an instant, as if she were never there to begin with. Juno looked forward towards the Ratatoskr once more, it appeared to be dead, but Juno could not figure out what had happened to it, he quickly pulled out a pen and paper to begin recounting the events that had led to this event. 

Several days later, Juno has cooped himself up in his workshop, a large pinboard of notes connecting to one another as he tries to figure out what exactly happened that night, this being one of countless boards in his workshop. Crashing comes from the metal shutter at the front of his workshop as someone knocks violently on it. Juno pushes a button on his remote, causing the shutter to rise slowly. Two men carrying a large box enter, placing the box near the wall, right next to an incomplete machine labelled ‘Project Agrotera’. Juno doesn’t even acknowledge the couriers as they place the box and leave, Juno far too fixated on his work. Countless more days passed, Juno not leaving his workshop even once, a small sacrifice of both sleep and free time was a worthwhile investment for Juno to finish his work, utilizing many water-based natural ingredients, alkylating agents and small doses of thallium, Juno was able to concoct a bullet capable of mitigating the rapid cell growth within the Ratatoskr, with this he would be able to neutralise and study one without the risk of being bitten or having it escape. After working for so many days, a lack of sleep would eventually catch up to him, Juno took a look in the mirror, grey bags forming under his lifeless looking eyes, Juno retired from his work for the day and left for his bedroom. 

That night, Juno would dream about that place again, the people in the robes, the eerie large room, a dream that was painstakingly familiar to him. However, this time was different, standing in the middle of that room was that girl, staring through him with her uncanny crimson gaze, wearing a smile that appeared both sinister and fake. Juno shot out of bed, the dream shaking him to his core. It was already morning and Juno had a rodent to hunt today. Juno packed his things and began his journey back to the city. By the time he would arrive the sun would have already set, his isolated way of living made travelling anywhere a tedious task. Striding into alleyways with confidence, it takes very little time to encounter another Ratatoskr. Entertaining as a fair fight against one may be, Juno’s mission right now was studying the creature, as such, he wastes no time firing the bullet into the beast’s body, effortlessly incapacitating it. Given his prowess in the fields of science, it was no shock to him that his experiment was a success, the rodent shrank down to that of a normal everyday rat. Disgusted in face, Juno picked the disgusting, bloody rodent up and placed it in a small box ready to be transported home. Juno looks up once more toward the moon, this time a crescent moon, he ponders what that girl said to him, clueless to what it means and who she was, just one more question he must find the answer to, the mere prospect of this could only be described as… exciting, to him.