“It’s been a long time… too long”, the girl thinks to herself, failing to recount even the last few days, “It’s times like this when I need to remind myself who I am- or at least who I was…” she pauses her inner monologue again, looking at her uncannily familiar face in the reflection of her disorganised hotel rooms wall mirror. It’s like she hadn’t aged a day, as if all of her life to this point was a fading dream that she could hardly recall, or at least that would be so if her torso wasn’t drenched in the remains of whichever poor unsuspecting life she had taken in her latest episode of unwitting mania. Any normal person would be mortified by the sight, for the girl it was her first time seeing such a horrific sight, or at least to her recollection, however her brain would not allow her to feel horror or really anything negative, though on the contrary she did not feel happy about it either, it was as if she had seen this before countless times, a sight that was almost nostalgic but still entirely new to her. Pondering for so long won't help things, the girl knew that much, even if nothing else. Sitting at the desk of the obviously rundown room, she removes the surprisingly well kept diary and lets out an overly dramatic sigh, turning the page and contemplating the futility of it. She knows that shortly she will forget it all again and repeat the cycle seemingly without end but she can’t resist the agonizing curiosity burning inside of her. 

Christiane was not a standout girl by any means, she led a fairly average life for someone her age and didn’t aspire to anything extraordinary, her life was pretty monotonous spending a lot of it working or attending college, her one escape from the bland reality of serving coffees at the local coffee shop and enduring verbal abuse from customers was her love for horror movies, namely of the slasher genre. She knew they were cheesy and admittedly not very well made but the overly-exaggerated special effects in conjunction with the poor acting and abysmal writing made each one an entertaining experience, it also made the dime a dozen good horror films she found all the more special and memorable. This love for horror movies caused her to aspire as a horror film director, so much so that she took film as a major in college, it was there she met her main friend group for her early adult years, Zachary, an aspiring actor and producer, Charlotte, a passionate writer and Avery, a fellow aspiring director. This friend group was the light of Christiane’s life, they would spend their days after class hanging out and spent all their days together, Christiane eventually developed feelings for Zachary, out of fear of ruining her friendship with him she did not confess these feelings to him. Weeks past of her holding in these feelings with them only getting more and more intense, not a day would go by where her mind wouldn’t think about him, she began to hate herself for her one-sided obsession, she would disappear for weeks, she stopped attending classes she wouldn’t leave her dorm she couldn’t bare to face him at all, it built up in her more and more until it became more than she could bare, she had to do it she had to tell him. 

Finally building up the courage to approach him she calls him. Zachary was shocked at first, unsurprisingly so as he hadn’t seen her for nearing a month, the two begin to catch up over the phone, talking about what they had been doing, Christiane could only lie through her teeth because how could she ever admit she had vanished because she was obsessed with him to the point of isolation? But before she could finally say the words she held in her heart, Zahcary said something that would crush her, switching to a tone of excitement in his voice he exclaimed that he and Avery had started going out together during her absence, putting on a fake cheery voice Christiane feigns her happiness for the two before fabricating an excuse to end the call. All of her feelings and everything she had fretted over had all been for nothing, she couldn’t believe it, her heart was shattered and so in her anger she sent an angry text to Avery accusing her of taking Zachary away from her, she didn’t mean a word she said and she knew she didn’t, she didn’t want to be upset or mad at Avery but she was blinded by her own sadness and couldn’t find another way to cope with it, with her feelings shattered and her friendship broken with Avery she lost all of her motivation to attend class. Christiane packed her bags and returned to her family home with her parents and sister. 

Many more weeks passed with her falling deeper into a spiral of self-hatred, she eventually built up the courage to finally go back to college and try to mend things with her friends, they were all she had and she didn’t want to lose them. She began to pack her things but something was off, the air felt warmer around her, the earth felt as if it was vibrating rapidly under her, the atmosphere was scorching, it felt like she had been set ablaze but at the same time was not suffering any afflictions outside of the pain, she went downstairs to investigate but nobody was home, her phone then exploded with a high ringing notification, an emergency alert had been sent to everyone’s phones for a severe weather warning, details not specified and she was advised to take shelter, quickly she headed down to her home basement and took cover there, she waited for what felt like days but what was in reality maybe a couple of hours. When she returned to the top nothing looked particularly off, however something was very apparently off, news channels were not operating, the outside was eerily quiet and most notably her whole body felt off, she felt light, her head felt like it was spinning but at the same time she felt fine, like her brain was convinced she was dizzy when she wasn’t. She shrugged off the feeling, the red alert was over and she had no reason to further look into these supposed issues, she went to bed due to exhaustion but couldn’t shake the feeling she had forgotten something important, she slept until evening before jolting up suddenly at around 9PM, how could she have forgotten she was going to head back to college and try to fix things with her friends, rushing down the stairs of her still eerie house she tunnel visions straight to her car, not hesitating to drive to her college, the roads were oddly quiet but it was late so she thought little of it. Finally arriving at her college the dorms too were unusually quiet. 

She wasn’t able to ignore it anymore, something was off, without hesitation Christiane rushed up to Zachary’s dorm, much like many of the dorms in the building the door was already open slightly, she didn’t have the patience to knock and let herself in and what she saw next was like a bad dream, Zachary and Avery’s bodies lay lifeless in bed together, with no discernible cause of death in sight. Freaked out but trying to keep her composure, Christiane attempted to call the police, she tried and tried but to no avail, next she tried to call Charlotte, she had hoped that at least her only other friend would be okay but once again she got no answer, horrified and panicked she attempted to call her family, once more she was left with no answer. It made no sense, how could everyone just suddenly disappear on her? Her mind began to feel like it was splitting and she suddenly blacked out. 

Christiane next found herself in a hospital bed, she didn’t know where she was or how she got there, upon noticing that she had awoke she was approached by two nurses who tried to ease her gently into what had happened, they told her about the mysterious event that had wiped out the majority of the population and explained that the world had shifted drastically, the fact that the nurses were able to tell her this so calmly led her to assert fairly easily that she had been in a coma for at least a year or so, checking the calendar on her wall confirmed that two years had passed since the events that had occurred. Something was off though, strangely she was unable to remember any of the events of the day that she passed out, not a single detail of it. Calmly she asked one of the nurses if Zachary was in this hospital, exclaiming that he was her boyfriend and the two had been together the day before everything happened, the nurses unsurprisingly had no idea who she was referring to, she disappointedly accepted this fact after taking a deep exhale. Christiane spent the next few weeks recovering in hospital before finally being discharged, leaving the hospital she was met by a group of what appeared to be government advisors, they explained to her that she was in a city called Piraya, the city’s mayor figure was offering a relief program to all affected by the disaster offering them a home and a small fund to get themselves settled while they looked for work to support themself, Christiane wasn’t left with any options she naturally she accepted this offer. 

Christiane arrived at her new home, the people from before left her with a small amount of food and the belongings found on her person when she was found which was really only her phone and ID. Looking at her ID she realised something important, it hadn’t dawned on her until now but she hadn’t remembered her own name up until this point. Investigating her ID she remembered her name was Christiane, but how could she have forgotten her own name like that, she thought little of it, it had been a long day and she knew she needed rest. Laying in bed Christiane scrolled through her phone, looking through her gallery she looked at group pictures of her and Zachary along with two other girls that were unfamiliar to her, it was at this point she knew something wasn’t right, forgetting her name, forgetting her friends, she began to think about it more and the more she did the more she realised how much she couldn’t recall, her family, her loved ones, huge parts of herself were gone, the only thing she remembered was her love for horror and the boy of her affection whose location she wasn’t even sure of. 

Christiane simply couldn’t settle down in her new home with so many unanswered questions so taking the food and money she was provided with she goes out shopping, firstly to buy food and water for a long journey and additionally one more thing, a thick hardback journal to preserve all of her memories to ensure she didn’t forget anything again. Her journey would lead her north to the place which would have been her old home, travelling there took most of her fund but she made it there without any real issue and began asking around the local areas for anyone who may know Zachary, this endeavour eventually leading her to a cemetery where she would be once again united with the horrific reality of the situation, Zachary was in fact one of the victims of the disaster. Once again overwhelmed by grief Christiane fell into despair, unable to come to terms with the truth she ran away, dashing through the rain as far as her legs could carry her until she was halted by an unusual and startling thought, her memory was foggy but during the nurse explanations she could swear she recalled them mentioning magic being real to her, this detail oddly eluded her until just now but if it were true perhaps she could find a way to bring back her deceased lover. 

Christiane began seeking out information, her memories of this search being foggy as her desperation lead her to neglect to write the details in her journal but eventually this search led her to a deep study of ruin magic, if a magic capable of altering the genetics and DNA of a person could be used in a way to give someone a replacement for their decayed or destroyed body parts then she would be able to use this power to bring back Zachary. There was only one issue with her plan, Christiane appeared to have no magic of her own, thusly there was no way she would be able to do it, but this gave her an idea, if the fallout of the disaster is what led people to gain powers in the first place then perhaps the remnants of that power can be used by a person to harness power, so Christiane spent the next few nights discreetly digging up bodies from graveyards, many of the bodies were decayed to skeletons by this point however some bodies were preserved by the magic imbued into them, this only boosted Christiane’s theory and so she continued onwards until she had amassed around twenty preserved bodies. Now came the gruesome part of the process, if Christiane’s theory was true and she really could consume their power then she would have to somehow mix their genetics with hers, the simplest and surprisingly least vile way of doing this would be through blood consumption, so with a look of disgust on her face and a sunken heart, Christiane winced and cut the arms of the bodies. Holding her nose she began to drink their blood trying her best to ignore the horrible taste of iron or the disgusting reality of what she was doing, If this was all for nothing at least she would know that the unhealthy mix of unfiltered blood entering her body would surely kill her, making the option of suicide one she didn’t have to commit to. Before finishing the process however one of the corpses' eyes shot open, and began to stare right at her. Terrified she jolted backwards and watched as the corpse began to rise, but that corpse wasn’t doing it of its own volition, that power was hers, and her theory by some miracle had come to fruition. 

Raising the remaining corpses as a way to test her power she had successfully accomplished the impossible, she had discovered the key to resurrecting the dead, by all accounts she should be happy, but that all didn’t interest her, her only goal was to bring back the one she loved. Returning without hesitation to the resting place of Zachary, ignorant of the disgusting amount of blood around her mouth, she does not hesitate in digging up his body, only to find that all that remained of him was a handful of skeletal remains. Christiane couldn’t give up though, he had come too far, if she couldn’t bring back his life she could at least speak to his spirit one last time, using her powers to raise his spirit from the grave a confused and startled Zachary looks horrified at the girl, he questions what happened to her, what happened to him and where they both were as well as the blood around her mouth. Christiane, happy to see him again reaches out and smiles but she is unable to speak, not only could she not remember what had happened but she also couldn’t get the words out, the power she had sought after wasn’t the miracle she had hoped for, it was instead eating away at her mind further. Zachary’s spirit fades and Christiane is once again left alone.

The journal after that is torn heavily, pages upon pages are ripped out or stained beyond recognition. Christiane’s memories from that point had been simply lost to time, or perhaps she no longer wished to remember them, perhaps that pain would be too much for her, however there was still a few more pages in the journal, a message perhaps for her present self, it describes the various powers the necromancy abilities she had founded has, how it is able to bring back the dead and how it eats away at the mind and memories of those who use it too much. The journal also detailed the necromancers group but it said very little outside of where to find them and had one particular name written alongside it. It read “Ghoul - my first successful step” Christiane was gone now, the love she once had for the boy she knew as Zachary had faded a long time ago, at this point she had no idea why she was still pushing herself, she knew she had a goal she just didn’t know what it was anymore, regardless she had to find out, she had already come this far, it must have been centuries by now, something was keeping her going… Closing the book once again and placing it on her desk she strolls to the bathroom and turns the shower valve but quickly turns it back upon hearing the distant sound of armed force vehicles approaching, dramatically rolling her eyes before grabbing her things, not wishing to cause anymore deaths the girl who once called herself Christiane fled to the top of the hotel, donning her mask and plunging from the building into the alley, fleeing without a trace before the authorities arrive. Her next objective was to find the individual she called ‘Ghoul’, and to learn how to cure her mental corrosion.