(Note: For a better experience, it is recommended to read [[The Little Siren (Voila Chapter)]], [[Fight Club (Juno Chapter)]] and [[The Gambler and the Princess (Pandora Chapter)]] before this chapter, as some of the events require context for those stories)

Mardi rests on her bed, tossing the red crystal orb up and down in the air, a frown of discontent plaguing her face as she stares up onto the ceiling. She exits her room, walking down to the living room and spacing out at her reflection in the mirror. Her mind begins to drift as she recounts the events that led up to this.

"So... Miss Darwin... You're interested in taking on this operation? And do forgive me if I am misunderstanding but- you intend to go alone?" Inquires a brawny man with thick brown hair, his tone both confused and condescending. "I don't quite know if I can authorize such a- delusion driven operation." He follows up, his eyes glancing down onto the countless documents sprawled over his desk. The young girl across from him clenches her hand under the desk, circling her gaze around the room, it was claustrophobic, the air felt thick and the deep concrete walls caused every little noise to echo into her ears, like a buzzing fly wafting around her ears. She returns her eyes to him with a light sigh, remaining silent and composed as he inspects her papers thoroughly, his expression still as stone as he flips through each paper, until suddenly locking his gaze back to hers. "Incident report: Mardi Darwin, Age 10, suspended indefinitely from classes for violen-" He is suddenly cut short by the sound of what can only be described as boulders, slamming down onto the wooden table in front of him. "THAT INCIDENT REPORT IS-" Mardi suddenly stops herself, gritting her teeth as she returns to a seated position, looking down at the table. A short pause ensues before the man follows up. "It says here your parents are both pretty well off; might I ask why you left home to come study at such a taxing place?" Mardi doesn't say a word, instead glancing her eyes over to the academic papers laid together amongst the vast assortment of documents. A long list of grades descends down them, varying in range from "B" "C" and "D", with C being the most common amongst the list. Giving up his anticipation, the man continues furthermore. "So then, you got in on recommendation from your dad? You're awfully lucky, most people have to work really hard to enrol here." He says without regard, his eyes continuing to skim through documents. Mardi's face sinks deeper with rage. "Well, Mardi, I will give your request some serious consideration." He concludes, his face visibly unserious as he dismisses her. 

Mardi exits the room, power walking down the halls of the Kariwa Encampment, a prestigious military school that specialises in combat training and magic study. She hardly glances at the group of girls waiting for her as she passes them by, before the three of them speed walk over to catch up, matching her pace as they do. "How'd it go? I told you Professor Oscar would reject you." With a snap reaction, Mardi stops in her track, exhaling heavily through her mouth as she throws her body to the wall, leaning against it and folding her arms, glaring to the floor in frustration. One of her friends approaches to comfort her, resting her hand on Mardi's shoulder. "Don't worry too much about it girl! It's just another one from the list, you can still ask-" Mardi's flash reactions kick in once more, her head snapping to her friend to meet her gaze as her eyes squint with a burning anger. Her friend backs up almost immediately, not wishing to further anger Mardi. Mardi marches off down the hall, her loud footsteps crashing and echoing throughout, until she disappears out of sight. Back in her dorm she begins going through the numerous research papers laid out over her desk, many of them marked with highlighter to note down particular segments. She reads through them until late into the night, when she is suddenly interrupted by the knocking of the encampment night patrol, who had noticed her light was still on. Students in the encampment were on a strict scheduling plan, and strict punishment would fall onto any who disobeyed these plans. Mardi had very little time to think, should she ignore them then they were likely to open the door using the master key, should she answer without an excuse then she was essentially admitting guilt. With very little time left, she swiped her hand to the back of her desk, reaching for a pack of sleeping medication, she could faintly hear the jingling of keys outside as she took out double the recommended dose, before hiding the pack behind her books. Wincing her eyes, she downs the pills in her hand, laying her head on her desk as her thoughts begin to blur, she was completely unable to focus on anything and blacks out, the last sound she hears being the sound of her dorm door opening is a hurry. 

Mardi wakes up once more the next morning, the only change in her room being a note on her desk. "Note of warning: We do not sleep on desks." It reads. Mardi lets out a sigh of relief, it seems she had narrowly escaped with a slap on the wrist. She had very little time to act, as her training began in less than one hour. She gathers up the research notes from the night before, piling them up and slotting them into a wallet file, before placing them into a large duffel bag resting by her feet. She then takes out another paper from her drawer, titled 'Application for vacation'. She fills out as much of the paper as possible, requesting a formal temporary leave from her training under the guise of a family emergency. Finally, with only a few minutes until she must leave, she takes out her phone and calls her dad, though he does not respond, so she instead leaves a voice message, urgently begging him to attest if anyone from the encampment inquires about this so-called family emergency. She then leaves for training, dropping the application off at the offices along her way. Midway through the day, during her training, Mardi suddenly gets called out by an instructor. "Miss Darwin! Put your back into it! Stop spacing out with the stars, you are here to train, so train!" The instructor yells, the surrounding students looking at her with disapproving looks. Back in the locker rooms, while organising her equipment, Mardi hears some chattering amongst her fellow classmates, she moves out of sight and listens in with curiosity. "Hey did you hear? That girl Mardi, you know the one that got caught slacking? Turns out, she only got in here because her family is well connected!" A muffled amount of chuckling can be heard before the other person follows up. "Someone told me that she supposedly got suspended from her high school, because she attacked another student with magic. Apparently nowhere else wanted her, so her dad got her in here." More laughter ensues as Mardi rolls her eyes, ignoring the gossipers and leaving the locker room, walking past them in plain sight to ensure they know she heard them, not saying a word as she masks her annoyed face with a neutral expression. 

As she returns to her room, she opens the mail hatch just outside of her door and reaches for a letter slotted safely inside, before entering her dorm. As she sits down at her cluttered desk, she tears the top flap of the envelope right off, paper shredding dropping to the carpet as she slides the neatly folded letter out of the envelope. "In regards to your request for leave. Dear Mardi Darwin, we are writing to inform you that your request for leave has been approved, effective in one week. Reason: Family Emergency. We sincerely hope your dad can make a swift recovery, and we offer out our utmost support in his treatment. Kind Regards, Professor Oscar. PS. The next time you wish to leave on an operation, give me more than one day to respond." As she finishes the letter, Mardi's face becomes a little flustered with embarrassment, but she also now has a lead to leave. 

Back in the present, Mardi is still glaring into the mirror, her pupils thinning back to normal as she regains her focus. Mardi takes a few steps across her living room, her gaze fixing on her window, when a sudden shadowy figure seems to swiftly duck out of sight, its movements delayed just enough to feel intentional. With caution, Mardi grips tightly onto the orb in her palm, backing carefully away from the window towards the living room door, before exiting the room and gently closing the door behind her. She retreats to the upper floor, closing her window and shutting the curtains that precede it, before gently tucking the orb away amongst her luggage. Mardi sits on the edge of her bed, her posture in a prepared and upright position, ready to move at the slightest hint of danger. It would be impossible for her to deny her fear, she was still recovering her strength from her previous encounter with Voila, transforming a siren into a human took almost all she had and she was in no position for any form of combat. Her hearing became agonisingly sensitive, the mere sound of the clock on the wall ticking now echoed in her ear like a drum bashing away at her head, even with her sharp senses, she would be unable to focus on the potential sound of an intruder. The ticking of the clock began to feel slow, her fear and stress making every second feel like an eternity, her breathing becoming ever faster as her eyes dart around the room like an irritating house fly buzzing around, landing in every corner of the place. Her breathing then became overpowered by the raging of her heartbeat, her face becoming pale, her body fighting actively against her, and then... BZZZT- BZZZT. Mardi's face sunk as her body recoiled, it felt as if her soul and body had disconnected, as if she had died from shock in that very moment, every part of her had fallen numb. She snaps out of it, her head beginning to clear as her heart rate begins to slow, she reaches into her pocket to find the source of the buzzing, her phone alarm had gone off, a reminder for her to go to sleep.

Mardi's hand clasped her stomach while she took a moment to catch her breath, the warmth of her body returning to her head as blood rushes upwards into her face, her eyes gazing down at the floor. Her brief reprise however is interrupted by the sudden sound of knocking coming from her window, her emotions now leaping from stress and fear, to frustration and annoyance. She strides over to her window, opening the curtain only to see nothing there, her face turning to an expression of confusion, swiftly changing once more at the sensation of a large sharp blade thorning into her the back of her neck. "Don't move!" Demands a soft yet sternly toned voice. Mardi obeys the order, though stealthily moves one hand to rest gently in front of her stomach, vaguely out of sight of her attacker. "To the point, where's the corpse?" The androgynous voice asks, its tone questioning in a manner of pure confidence. Mardi stood confused, cautiously hesitating before asking in a frustrated tone. "What corpse? I ain't killed anyone, but I am willing to use you to change that... If you would be so inclined." The voice lets out a light, mocking chuckle, before pricking the blade more into her neck, just bordering on cutting into it by the slightest hair. "The one ya stole from the Sirens ya?" Chimes another voice from Mardi's left, this one a lot higher of a pitch in voice. Mardi was able to narrow her gaze over to the side, sighting a shadowy figure that appears eerily similar to the figure from early. The individual behind Mardi begins to speak again, her voice now sounding as if directed towards the shadowy figure. "Zarysa... Your job here is done, let me do my role, I'll buy you a pizza for helping me later if you want." The figure seemingly called Zarysa responds with a sadistic sounding laugh, her body moving exaggeratively in time. "Ya, ya, I got it, I'll report back to the boss lady then." Zarysa says with a high squeal in her voice, her featureless face pointing right over at Mardi, though unable to see anything, Mardi could sense her sinister smile masked because the thick layer of void. "Oh! Linyotl, before I go... Try not to hurt miss magician over here, 'kay? It'd be a real mess if the stack fell... Boss lady wouldn't be happy~." Zarysa's voice begins to fade as she disappears into the shadow's, vanished entirely. Linyotl sighs in annoyance, her focus dropping for a moment as she shakes her head, giving Mardi the opening she needed. 

Capitalising on the advantage, Mardi jolts her hand back down by her side, pointing it towards Linyotl and firing a large blast of magic at her, thrusting her against the wall and evaporating her sword into mana, giving Mardi a chance to turn and face her. Linyotl crashes into the wall, but barely flinches, landing on her feet near perfectly. Mardi now had a chance to get a good look at her, she has white fluffy hair with soft floppy ears, her purple dress vibrant and showy, filled with colourful floral patterns both pink and purple. Mardi prepares another attack but hesitates to fire, not wanting to damage her house further, Linyotl's hunting instincts kick in, as she charges towards Mardi, throwing both herself and Mardi out of the window, easily overpowering Mardi with her strength. Mardi struggles but Linyotl has her gripped tightly by the face, Mardi was unable to muster up much more magic after performing such a large attack prior. Linyotl keeps her grip firm on Mardi, burying her knee into Mardi's body to keep her at bay, causing her to struggle to breathe as Linyotl's knee sinks into her stomach. Mardi squirms around and struggles, attempting to break free but her body was exhausted and her mana was spent, she was in a hopeless position fighting someone much stronger than her, unable to muster an attack strong enough to retalitate against Linyotl's overwhelming power. She tries to clear her mind, she needed to find an opportunity to strike. Struggling to speak a word, Mardi gasps for air, mustering up just enough to speak. "Hey... Where's that big sword of yours?" Mardi asks through the struggling sound of her breaking voice, her struggle evident through her face. Linyotl uses her magic to summon her sword at her hand, seeming almost prideful in her blade. This opportunity was what Mardi needed though, now that Linyotl had used magic to summon her sword, Mardi was able to use her own power, the ability to copy another's mana. Reaching her hand out to the side, Mardi uses the remaining semblance of her magic to summon a large greatsword, much like the one Linyotl was wielding. Though it wasn't much, she was able to at the least stab partially into Linyotl's side, causing her to stagger and remove herself from atop Mardi. Linyotl stumbles back, hardly catching her balance before pulling the sword from her hip, holding her hand over the wound to prevent the bleeding. Meanwhile, Mardi returns to her feet, exhausted and spent, the two girls enter a face-off where both are waiting for an advantage over the other, their eyes interlocked with a deep focus on the others moves. This stand-off goes on for almost a minute, before Linyotl falls to one knee, the pain of the stab wound becoming too much for her, she begins to pant heavily, her eyes still fixed on Mardi, waiting for an advantage to come. Mardi does not engage at all, now realising that Linyotl is too weak to continue the fight. With both girls understanding the stalemate at hand, Linyotl returns to her feet, staggering her way backwards with her eyes still fixed on her target, tactically retreating until she is out of sight.

Exhausted, battered and hurting, Mardi stumbles her way back to her house, locking all the doors and windows to ensure nobody else sneaks up on her. She heads to her bedroom, only barely checking on the condition of the orb before collapsing onto her bed. As she is drifting off, she ponders the events of the night to herself, questioning what that girl meant by "corpse". Her mind doesn't linger on those thoughts for long however, as within just a couple of minutes of laying down, Mardi passes out from exhaustion, dosing off into a deep sleep.

Interrupted by the raging sound of morning shoppers, Mardi holds her left hand to her head, her right hand feeling to her bedside drawer with desperation, as she tries to open her eyes. She felt blind, a thick veil of moisture layered over her eyes like a blanket. She finally feels a hint of plastic skim her hand, before aggressively swinging her palm in its direction, gripping a bottle of water tightly as she opens the tight cap, even the lightest scraping on her palm feeling like sandpaper on her skin. She pours the water down her throat, spilling some of it over her face as it runs down to her neck. She chokes a little as she struggles to keep the water down before placing the water to her side and pushing herself into an upright sitting position with her sore hands. She rubs her forearm over her eyes to disperse the veil from them, the blur in her eyes gradually fading as she regains her sight. Her eyes immediately catch the sight of a large crack inlaid upon the wall adjacent to her window, followed by a light yet raging exhale. With her location exposed by the mysterious duo from before, she knew that she would have to move swiftly. She throws her body out of bed, a large crash blasting through the ground as she reaches for her things, her stiff as stone body working overtime to simply keep up with her actions. She takes some time to change and grab her things, selecting carefully what she should and shouldn't bring, until finally narrowing it down to a single bags worth of items. She takes one last look out of her shattered window, fragments of bladed glass laid both inside her room and outside in her backyard, sighing once more before placing her hand up towards the open gap. Glass fragments begin to rise up towards the window, forming together like puzzle pieces until the hole is sealed, a large crack still visible across it. Mardi pants with exhaustion, her head going a little light as she struggles to hold the slightly weighted back on her shoulder. She takes another moment to recuperate, before heading downstairs and leaving her house, locking the door behind her and placing her key in the letterbox. 

She takes a long walk towards the train stations an endeavour that should have taken her fifteen minutes being extended to almost an hour, with her legs almost collapsing under the pain of her encounter from last night. During her walk, many onlookers stopped to ask if she needed help, with hr turning down every single one of them, even as she stumbled down the station staircase. Mardi approaches the ticket stand, reaching into her pocket and barely gathering enough cash to purchase a standard class ticket for the eastern country, paying for a split-trip ticket to save some money. She then continues to stumble towards the platform, until she reaches a bench where she can sit herself down, waiting impatiently for the train, her eyes darting around the station at every individual she can, on guard for any suspicious characters. Her paranoia only exhausts her more, with her head agonising from the stress of constant eye movement. Finally her train arrives, and as she is walking towards the door, a girl appearing the same age as her approaches her, offering her help boarding. Mardi refuses initially, until glancing at the girl and being introduced with a familiar face, her vibrant blue outfit and blonde-pink hair with unmistakable. "Voila?" She asks with immense confusion in her voice, before being interrupted by the screeching of the boarding whistle. "Let's talk later!" Voila asserts before placing an arm around Mardi and helping her board the train, much to Mardi's displeasure. 

The girls sit down, Mardi grumbling at how uncomfortable the chairs were, while Voila adjusts herself with a smile, gazing out of the window as the train begins to move. There is a brief silence as Voila takes everything in, her excitement at such a new experience painfully evident to Mardi who gives her a sarcastic and judgemental look. "So, Voila, how'd you find me?" Mardi asks, resting her head back on the stiff wooden chair. Voila doesn't answer, her eyes fixed on the ocean sights in the distance. Mardi clears her throat aggressively, with Voila finally turning her head to face her. "Oh! Uh- Well I saw you walking from that address you gave me, but every time someone spoke to you, you turned them away" Voila says with a sincere look fixed to her face. Mardi's gaze averts to the side, unable to think of a response, awkward tension filling the air around the pair. The sound of the train gets ever louder in Mardi's ear, trying to mentally blank out the awkwardness until a loud voice abruptly interrupts from the far end of the train. "Ticket check!" Yells a growly elderly man as he wanders his way down the train, checking the tickets of every passenger as he goes. "Tickets?" Voila questions, her innocent tone of voice matching with the slight tilt of her head as she looks to Mardi puzzled. Mardi suddenly buries her hand in her face as stress begins to build up once more, she knew that this poor siren girl would not have any means to pay off a fine if she was caught with no ticket, but there was little she could do as the repeating request for tickets pulled ever closer to them. Mardi clenches her fist, gritting her teeth as she reaches into her pocket and hands Voila her ticket. "Here, give him this when he asks for your ticket." Voila blinks quickly in bewilderment, her sincere confusion stealing away her ability to react before the ticket collector approaches the pair. "Ticket check!" He asks with the same growly tone as when he first entered the train coach. Voila hands over her ticket, with the man inspecting it momentarily before turning his face to Mardi. "Ticket please!" He requests again, his voice becoming ever more aggressive as Mardi's heart sinks, she swallows the pride that had built in her throat and looks down shamefully. "I'm sorry, I think I lost my ticket sir." She claims shamefully, her eyes trying to avoid contact with the ticket collector to avoid him seeing through her bluff. The man lets out a vexed sigh, muttering under his breathe "I don't get paid enough for kids like this." In a disgruntled mutter. "Alright, you know the rules, you'll have to visit the ticket off a pay a fine of-" His words suddenly go blank to Mardi after that, having heard all she needed to hear. She blanks out all sound, gazing down at the ground until she sees the mans feet wander away. She leans back in her chair, letting out a subtle sigh of relief as Voila looks over at her with concern. "Why did you-" Mardi suddenly cuts her off. "Don't worry about it, just think of it as thanks for your help." She affirms to the girl as she leans her head back and closes her eyes. Voila's look of concern at her eventually breaking as she returns her gaze to the window.

After what felt like days, the girls arrive at the eastern country border, leaving the train and heading out to main platform. Mardi asks Voila to wait for a while as she heads to a quiet area, bashfully pulling her phone from her pocket, she scrolls through her contacts until she finds her mother's phone number. She hesitates for a moment, closing her eyes before tapping the ring icon and waiting for a reply. "Mardi?" She hears from the other end. "What a lovely surprise, I heard you're on leave from class right now; is everything okay? If you ever need to talk I can-" Mardi suddenly cuts her off by clearing her throat, before nervously opening her mouth. "Hey... Would you be able to send me some money?" She pauses for a moment as her heart sinks into her stomach. "I got into a bit of a situation..." She follows, before tensing her body and awaiting a reply. "Why of course! I told you, you only need to ask." Her mother replies, her happiness evident from her tone. Mardi thanks her, before hanging up nearly immediately, she then takes a few minutes more to wait for the money and goes to pay off her fine at the ticket office, before returning to Voila who is waiting for her patiently at the exit to the train station. Upon reuniting, the two don't say much, Mardi strides at a brisk pace while Voila struggles to keep up, occasionally slipping on her high heel but always catching herself before falling. Eventually the two arrive at a large warehouse with a massive logo on the door saying "JUNC-Tech". Voila glances over to Mardi who is wearing an expression that looked almost murderous, but before she can mention it Mardi interjects. "Let's go Voila..." She declares, suddenly walking back in the direction they came, Voila becoming even more lost than before. The two walk back towards the station, stopping nearby at a hotel. Mardi books in two rooms, one for her and one for Voila, before walking Voila up to her room, Voila hardly able to get a word in as everything is happening so quickly. "Uh- Mardi? What're our plans from here?" Voila asks with great concern in her voice. Mardi just shakes her head, handing Voila her room card and showing her how it works. "I am in Room 1809, if you need me, just come knock okay?" Voila stays silent, simply nodding her head before Mardi walks away, Voila enters her room, glancing once more at Mardi walking away with deep concern in her eyes before going inside. Mardi also heads to her room, a fury in her eyes that she only masks by sinking her head to the ground. As she enters her room, she drops all of her luggage onto the floor and crashes onto her bed, watching the sun fall over the horizon from the window of her top floor hotel room, her eyes fixed on the roof of that warehouse as she glares at it with ire. Finally, Mardi lays in bed, grabbing her phone and setting an alarm for deep into the night, glancing once more at the warehouse, with a belligerent determination.

