Spotlights rain overhead, shining down towards the little siren as if she were the lead actor in a performance, her swift movements just barely enough to keep her out of sight. She grips tightly in her hand a large pile of sea grass and watercress, careful not to drop even a scrap as to not lead her pursuers home. Sneaking around was her specialty, she could easily avoid all of the adults back home, so why did her heart feel so strained this time? The other kids used to tell her stories, they told her that if she were ever caught by the ones from the surface, they'd cut her tail off and eat her, a terrifying thought for sure but nothing worse than what the monsters in the deep would do right? She didn't have time to think about that right now, people were counting on her, she continued to dodge around the lights, creeping her way into a small cave hidden away from the lights, she could final regain her energy. Holding her clenched hand to her chest, she watched as the lights went by overhead, disappearing into the distance. Her body stopped tensing as she was finally safe, with her senses clear she rest herself on the cavern floor, before suddenly being interrupted by what sounded like crying from inside the cave. Her face turned to peer down the cave, seeing a faint light deep within, as she approached she saw a young girl crying. "Hey... Are you okay?" Asked the timid girl as she swam closer. As she finally gets close enough, the crying girl lets out a piercing hiss as she turns to face the approaching young girl. It's entire face was missing, replaced instead with one gaping mouth with razor sharp teeth. The creature lunges towards the girl, whose small body allowed her to narrowly dodge the creatures assault, she quickly swims out of the cavern, dropping much of the food she was carrying as she does. She doesn't look back for a second, she simply swims until she can't anymore. By the time she stops swimming, she finds herself back at her home village of Koro' Ni Vale.

The young siren lets out a sigh as he glances at the underwhelming haul she had returned with, she takes a moment to mentally prepare herself before entering one of the countless tubes that lead into her village. Hanging her head in shame as she swims into the town, she can feel countless gazes fixed on her as she passes, some giving looks of disapproval while others giving looks of concern. "VOILA!" screams a familiarly livid woman as the girls head recoils in fear. "Do you have the slightest idea how worried we all were? We had the entire village searching for you all day!" The infuriated woman yells again as she breathes in and out angrily, mixing in light growls between her exhales. Voila can only look down in shame as her eyes direct onto two observing young sirens, watching her from afar with concern in their eyes. Her scolding continues for a while in front of the entire village, most of it leaving her mind mere seconds after it is said. It was a matter of going through the motions at this point, saying things like "I'm sorry." "I won't do it again." and so on at the correct moment was all it took to end the scolding. By the time the scolding was over, she approached the two children observing from before. "Voila? Are you okay?" One of them asks as their eyes further sink into a look of pity. Voila's face was flushed and her eyes were sunk with sorrow as she hands the small pile of food to the two. They both thank her extensively as the older of the pair tries to give her a light hug for her help, however, she backs away before they are able, swimming away plaintively. Returning to her family home, she can feel all of her relatives giving her frustrated looks as she silently drifts her way to her room, closing the door gently behind her as she buries her head in her covers and sobs silently through the night.

Having hardly gotten any sleep, Voila is abruptly awoken by the sound of waves and crashing from far above, followed by panic and disorder outside of her home. This was not an unusual occurrence for Voila, she had witnessed this numerous times before. Leaving her house, a daunting shadow lingers overhead, casting darkness over the small city that housed all of sirenkind. Everyone was rushing about aimlessly, fellow sirens flying left and right past Voila, and through all the chaos a lone girl sat crying, seemingly lost and afraid. Voila's mind was made, she didn't even need to think about it, she was going to go and help the girl. But before she could, her arm was gripped tightly by her mother, refusing to let her go. Voila looked back at her, bracing herself to be yelled at again, but her mother does not say a word, instead dragging Voila along with her to the same destination all of the others were going. It all seemed to go by in a blur as she was dragged forcefully to the lowest level of Koro' Ni Vale. Voila took a moment to adjust to her surroundings, everything had happened so quickly, she was disoriented and confused. When she managed to get her bearings, she was in front of a large shrine that sat heavily guarded. Countless people rest on the floor, cupping their hands together as they prayed to the shrine, rows upon rows of sirens all praying in unison towards the one shrine. All of the panic and disorder from mere moments ago had suddenly stopped. Voila was the only one not praying, she was the only one who didn't believe in such a nonsensical practice, still, she knew what would happen if she was caught standing out, and so she rest herself too on the floor, cupping her hands in prayer as she closes her eyes, the entire city falling silent as she does.

Voila opens her eyes again, her recounts of those rough days suddenly coming to an end. That war from a century ago had already ended, and Voila was not a child anymore, yet she felt that she had not changed at all since then, in fact nothing had. Voila was still in that very same house, with the same overbearing parents, following the same routine of prayer and practice every day for over a century. It would be dishonest for her to not admit that she was incredibly jaded from it all. Thankfully, this cycle of ceremony was about concluded, and as the night fell over the city once more, she took it upon herself to do what she does best. Sneaking away from the crowd, she sneaks to the city's highest point, just barely remaining out of sight from the countless people all conforming in a single-file line throughout the city. Creeping through one of the tubes that lead into the city, she escapes, finding herself on the outskirts of Koro' Ni Vale. This was all second nature to her by now, she hardly felt a need to hesitate as she swam at lightning speed away from the city. She knew a perfect route from here all the way up north, to the outskirts of Ro'Baru. The sky here was as clear as ever, a perfect canvas for star-gazing. The mermaid girl lay her whole body flat on the waters as the waves gently carried her, she lay staring up at the night sky, counting the stars and picking out all the shapes in the sky she could see and naming them. The stars changed from time to time, but she had likely seen each shape a dozen or more times at least by now. She began recounting the names of the shapes she had seen. "Gemini... Taurus... Aries..." She giggles to herself for a moment before continuing "Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Aquarius, Capricorns, Sagittarius, Libra and Scorpius." She lets out a deep exhale as she catches her breath, laughing to herself before laying in silence. She drifts across the water for a while before gazing back at the stars, pointing her finger towards the stars, tracing them down as she connects them in her mind. "Pisces..." She says to herself as she traces a fish shape from the stars with her fingers. "Pisces will be your name." She reaffirms as she smiles to herself. It must be good luck, or at least that's what she told herself as she stared up at the stars, her mind feeling calm and at ease. "Something good will surely happen soon, I just know it!" She affirms as she closes her eyes on the waves, letting the ocean carry her onward as her mind begins to slumber, blissfully falling asleep on the oceans surface under the starlit night.

The next thing Voila hears is the sound of birds chirping, she can feel the water at her tail as a pointy object prods at her cheek. "Hey! Fish-lady... You okay?" But the mermaid girl did not open her eyes, she remained rather relaxed in her slumber, turning to her side to lay on the soft surface she had found herself on. "Ugh- She obviously isn't waking up, what a headache..." Voila suddenly feels her tail and back get grabbed by a strange feeling hand, as if it were made of a thick plastic. Suddenly, Voila jolts up, flopping around like a fish on the sand as she rolls her body away from whatever it was that was grabbing her. Breathing heavily, Voila's face goes as white as paper as she fears for her life, yet even her face was not as pale as the young girl before her. Seemingly in her late teens, the girl in front was clothed entirely in black, her body was frail, as if made from sticks, and her presence was striking. Despite her stature, the girl before Voila had an intimidating presence all the same, and the figure standing next to her, it looked human but something was off that Voila could not quite figure out. "Ah, good, she's finally awake." Without another word, the girl turns to walk away. "Hey, wait!" Voila shouts out to the girl, who stops in her tracks. She turns her head in annoyance, as her once cold stare turns to a frustrated glare. Voila's tone of voice suddenly becomes shaken, words barely able to leave her mouth as she stutters and struggles. The charcoal haired girl lets out a dramatic sigh, one that seems a little dramatic. "You interrupted my star-gazing, and now you have the audacity to keep me here further?" Voila's eyes suddenly widen, as her fear gets overpowered by excitement. "You like stargazing?!" She asks, her eyes practically lighting up like stars themselves. The girl then returns to a neutral stance, rolling her eyes at the ecstatic siren. "Sure... I guess..." Now full of glee, Voila begins to tell the girl about her names for the stars, listening them off one by one "So there's Taurus, Aries, Sagittarius-" Suddenly the overly-energetic mermaid is cut off by the more monotone sounding girl. "Yeah, Yeah- Scorpius, Aquarius, Pisces, I know them already." Voila's face turns to confusion, there was no way anyone else could have known those names, she named them completely on her own after all. Before letting her speak further, the mysterious girl starts walking away, this time not answering any of Voila's calls or shouts as she departs the shore.

Voila let out a disheartened sigh, her fascination with meeting a likeminded soul was so short-lived. She knew that she would have to head home soon, she couldn't avoid her scolding forever so it was best to have it over with. She pulled herself back into the water, but just before diving under, she sees a woman on the beach, seemingly picking up shells off of the shore. Her curiosity strikes once more as she swims over to the woman, popping out of the water with a large splash. "Whatcha doin'?" She inquires, her eyes once again bubbling with excitement. Scared half to death, the woman jolts back, dropping the shells she had collected as she does. "A little warning would have been nice before you jumped out at me you know?!" she yells, her face red in both anger and embarrassment. Voila flinches with fear at the lady's rage, losing all of her excitement and joy in the process. The young woman quickly apologises to the now timid mermaid, before an awkward silence fills the air as neither girl knows what to say. The human girl hesitates for a while before continuing to collect her shells, picking up all of the ones she had dropped before. Voila's eyes sparkle again as she stares expectantly at her, the lady astonished by how quickly she was able to bounce back. Voila introduces herself, giving the lady her name and telling her that she is a Siren. "Really, I never would have guessed..." She replies sarcastically, a fact that goes over Voila's head. "You can call me Mardi, I am here looking for something." She states as she continues her search. Voila's natural instincts kick in, immediately offering to help Mardi search for whatever she may be looking for. Mardi agrees, telling Voila that she can search the water, describing the object she is looking for as a glowing red orb that appears like a sort of crystal ball. Voila doesn't hesitate, diving into the water and searching the ocean floor thoroughly, searching under every rock and plant she finds. Hours pass and neither party comes up with anything, they reconvene at sunset in the very place they first met, exchanging the mutual bad news. Mardi informs Voila that she is going to search again tomorrow, thanking Voila for her help. Voila smiles, watching as Mardi walks away further onto land. Voila's determination hadn't yet faded however, there was still the entire beach to search after all, she pulls herself onto the land, searching under even the slightest bumps in the sand, but, Voila could hardly move on land, and even moving a couple of meters took her several minutes at a time. Still, Voila did not give up, she continued throughout the night, eventually passing out on the shore from exhaustion.

The calls of seagulls once again alarm Voila awake, shocking her up this time as her eyes dart open. Turning gently over to her side, she finds a small wrapped box resting on top of a small cloth, left right next to her in the sand. As she unwraps the foil from the box, the aroma of fresh bread fills her nose, a smell of pure freshness as if it had been baked mere moments prior. She glances around, but sees not another soul in sight, though a few strands of void coloured  hair seem to have shed on top of the cloth. Initially hesitating, Voila musters up the courage to eat the bread, taking one small nibble before scoffing the rest down in seconds. She had never tasted anything like it before, a simple roll of bread was the finest delicacy she had ever eaten. She continued, making sure to eat every small crumb left in the box until there was nothing left, perhaps in part because she was starving, but also because she simply could not let such a delectable dish go to waste. Upon finishing, she sat in the sand, as guilt washed over her like the waves of the ocean rolling onto the shore, how could she have eaten someone else's meal that they must have worked so hard to prepare? She wondered to herself as footsteps approach from behind. "You're still here?" questions a familiar voice. Voila suddenly cowers, covering her face in shame while bracing herself. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to- I was just so hungry, I couldn't help myself." She cries out, hardly holding back tears from rolling down her face. Mardi tilts her head, "What are you talking about?" She asks, a puzzled look befalling her face. Voila returns her gaze to Mardi as she calms her breathing, neither of the girls exchanging a word as they awkwardly stare in silence, the sound of the ocean splashing ever louder, as the seagulls laugh mockingly. 

Mardi approaches the upset mermaid, sitting herself next to her and staring out at the ocean as the morning breeze begins to calm. "Don't you have a home, Voila?" Voila turns her body, facing away from the ocean as she curls her tail under her arms, shaking her head before burying it in her tail. Mardi's eyes glance to the side at Voila, she doesn't say a word in response as Voila starts to weep silently, trying to hide her gasps for air. Mardi sat in silence for a while, letting the girl collect herself while she watched over the type creep in from afar, like an hourglass that had just been turned, she turned back toward Voila, piecing together in her mind what she meant. "Alright then!" Mardi stands, brushing the sand off of her clothes. "Do you like ice cream?" She asks, placing her hands behind her back as her and Voila exchange looks. "Ice cream?" Voila asks, questioning her as if she were speaking another language. "I see... Wait here, I'll be back in a little bit 'kay?" Voila nods as the girl proceeds to walk off, conviction and power in her stride as she climbs the steps to the shore. Returning again around fifteen minutes later, Mardi hands an unusual cone shaped food to Voila, holding onto one herself as the pair begin to eat them. Voila is confused and attempts to take a large bite all at once, before her shoulders tense and her head begins to shake from the cold. Mardi snickers to herself, before Voila follows suit, both laughing as they enjoy their ice cream. "Hey... Mardi..?" Voila says, her voice turning timid once more. Mardi turns to her, seeing her worried look once more, knowing immediately what she is going to say. "Yes, I know, don't worry, I wasn't expecting you to look for me, you know." Voila hangs her head still, feeling disappointed in herself. Mardi shakes her head disapprovingly, finishing the ice cream in her hand before stretching her arms to the sky. "I'm going back to looking, if you really feel that bad about it you're free to join me." Voila finishes her ice cream too, crunching the cone beneath her sharp teeth as she uses her tail to launch her body into the ocean. The two once again search until sunset, Mardi scouring every inch of the shore while Voila searches every single section of the sea floor, however, nothing arises from their search all the way through to sunset. Both reconvene once more at the shore, the tide much more drawn in this time just barely touching the cliff face at the shores end. The two agree once more to meet tomorrow for another attempt, Voila smiling with enthusiasm as they plan their meeting spot.

Voila returns under the waves, her smile now fading as she looks back towards the shore, making sure to remain obscured underwater as a tide of disappointment crashes over her like a fall of boulders weighing her to the sea floor. She takes a deep breath as the sun falls beyond the horizon, its light still flaring through the waters surface down onto her like a watchful eyes guidance about to abandon her. Without a place to vent her dismay, she swims her way back to Koro' Ni Vale, preparing herself for the worst as she swims through the narrow tubes. Entering her home, she is met with the standard routine, she braces her body as the angered screams of concerned relatives blow past her, eventually coming to a stop after the longest few minutes of her life. She could feel that they were especially angry this time, but she wasn't nearly as upset or concerned, even as she returned to her room, she shed not a single tear, her heart filled only with determination, the determination to finally free herself from this cycle. As a new day arises, Voila wakes up especially early, not even giving her family the chance to drag her to the usual haunts. She swims with eagerness to the shore, the moon still shining in the dark sky as the countless stars gaze down upon her. She reaches to shore, though Mardi was not yet waiting for her, instead she is greeted by another familiar face, that same dark haired girl from a couple nights ago. She lay on the sand, gazing up at the sky with her hands crossed over her chest, the reflection of the luminous sky being devoured by her empty, soulless eyes, the water creeping up to her, barely keeping out of reach. Voila can't help but smile to see her, though their first encounter may have been somewhat awkward, Voila was simply thrilled to meet one who shares an interest with her. Voila pulls herself onto the shore, keeping enough distance to not bother the girl while still keeping in range to attempt to talk. Though, several minutes passed by, Voila hardly mustering up the courage to say a word, the few brief moments she did have the courage, she was unable to decide what to even say. Eventually the young lady stood up, walking over to Voila and looking down at her. Though she was stood over her, Voila could not help but laugh slightly at how small she still looked, that small laugh breaking into a much larger laugh as all of Voila's concerns seem to drift away into thin air. 

The dark haired girl sits back down, maintaining a small distance from Voila as she glares angrily at her, waiting patiently for her to calm down. Voila exhales and pants, catching her breath before preparing to speak. "I'm Voila-" She giggles before continuing. "You never gave me your name the last time we met." The girl remains silent, her gaze fixed upon the starry sky, trying to ignore the expectant gaze of the peppy mermaid to her side. "Maria..." She sighs, closing her eyes as her head tilts down towards the sand. "So... Maria, you like stars? How come you always come here to stargaze?" Maria tuts, clenching her teeth. "Have you ever thought that you might ask too many questions?" She says, her voice full of animosity. Voila could hardly find herself disheartened by this answer, she simply continued to stare expectantly. Eventually Maria begins to crack, letting all her frustrations out with a sigh before responding. "Stargazing isn't very entertaining back home... Where I live, the stars in the sky never seem to shift, they stay in place all year round, never changing, never moving, their gaze lasts forever, completely lost in time..." Maria says, keeping her gaze fixed on the sky, watching the dark night clouds pass as the light begins to peer in from behind. Voila's expression returns to a neutral manner, as she stares back into the ocean. "Have you ever thought about leaving?" She asks, a frown washing back over her face as she anticipates a response. Maria pauses for a brief moment before returning, "I like how things are right now, I'll change it when I am ready." Her eyes avert to the side as she finishes her response. Voila looks at her, though they were devoid of light, Maria's eyes reflected what was hidden in her heart. "But is that really enough for you, Maria?" The concerned mermaid questions. Maria begins to stand, letting out a sigh as she takes one last look at the fading stars. "Your friend is here; I wouldn't want to interrupt anything." Maria remarks before walking away. Voila sits in silence, watching one girl walk away while another approaches from the other side. 

"Who was that?" Mardi inquires, as she watches the elusive girl fade into the distance. "Just a friend." Voila replies, smiling as she turns to Mardi. The two return to their search, repeating the same method of searching for the entire day, eventually meeting back up to agree to meet tomorrow at the same time. Voila once again returns home, and the cycle repeats for several days, almost an entire week passing with no results coming back. Voila returns home one night, after yet another unsuccessful search, returning to another scolding from her family the same way she had every night prior. While laying in her room preparing to sleep, Voila begins to wish to herself, yearning to be human, after all Mardi will eventually search the entire beach and then have no reason to visit anymore. The more Voila thought about it, the more the fear set in, if Mardi leaves, she will lose one of her only friends and she will have to return to her regular mundane life. Her eyes suddenly widened, her heart felt like it was sinking into an abyss as her mind began to panic. She began to hyperventilate as the thoughts continued to creep into her mind, then everything goes black. The next thing she knows its morning, she heads to the meeting spot as usual, but can't shake her thoughts from last night. During their mid-search lunch break, Voila's curiosity finally gets the better of her. "So, what exactly is it you're actually looking for?". Voila asks, her whole body going light as she almost dreads the answer. "It's an ancient relic from countless years ago, it was abandoned by an expert in magic, I have been tasked by the institute I work at to retrieve it, though I have no real intention of handing it in." Mardi says, her expression changing to seem more serious. "So what happens when you find it?" Voila questions, her concern turning more into intrigue. Mardi grits her teeth as if she had just swallowed a bitter, her entire face sinking with disdain. "My place of study is in a region not too far north of here, they want me to turn this object in so that it can be handed over to some useless researcher a few regions east." Mardi replies, her tone become every more aggressive as she speaks. Voila becomes gradually more fearful to keep questioning, afraid she might upset Mardi. "Got it..." She says sheepishly, her face tilting towards the sand once more. Mardi continues to breathe heavily, her arms shaking with rage at the thought, she is only able to calm herself after seeing Voila's concerned face, not wanting to lash out at her like she did before. Some time passes and the two continue their search until night, meeting back at the shore for their standard partings. 

Before the two split, Voila calls out to Mardi once more, who turns to face her once more. Mardi can only see Voila's silhouette, her features blackened by the lingering sun, obscuring her in its light. "Do you... think it's possible that I could become a human?" Voila asks, though her expressions were unclear, the sadness in her voice was unmistakable. Mardi's look falls to the ground, giving Voila the answer she needs. Mardi could clearly see the determination in the mermaids eyes, she searched every corner of her brain in the hopes of helping, until suddenly, just as Voila was about to depart, Mardi comes up with an idea. "If we do manage to find what I am looking for, I should have the power to let you become human." Mardi states, her voice full of conviction. Voila's face becomes more visible as the sun falls over the horizon, her eyes staring at Mardi expectantly. "You really can?" Voila questions. Mardi nods in affirmation, her eyes still full of determination. The two part ways for the night, Voila swimming through the ocean, unable to wipe the smile from her face. As she approaches her city, she takes a moment to look around the outskirts, taking in the vast emptiness of it all. Suddenly, a huge wave of thought hits her, as if the final clue to a mystery had just caught up to her. Instead of returning to her city, she swims up to the surface, watching the stars fade into view as she relaxes on the surface of the water, taking one final glance at her reflection in the waves.

The moon felt like it flew into the sky's centre as time flies by in an instant. Voila was ready to risk everything to test her newfound hypothesis. Sneaking back into Koro' Ni Vale, not a soul remains in the empty city tunnels, it was almost eerie just how quiet it was as she swam stealthily down towards the city's centre. Headed to the Valetabu Misitiki, the entire shrine goes unguarded. The city's emphasis on conformity ultimately became their downfall, as nobody was left to guard the shrine. As she creeps inside, she can't help but get an eerie feeling, as if hundreds of eyes were watching her, even though nobody was there, but she was too deep in to back out now. Reaching the shrines core, she finds the exact item she had been looking for, a vibrant, shining, red crystal orb, glowing with mysterious power. Voila had no time to lose, if she was caught here, she would have no contingency plan if Mardi's idea failed. Voila rushed out of Koro' Ni Vale, leaving no trace of her existence behind, ensuring all entrances to the shrine were securely locked and everything was left as she found it. Her heart pounded like a drum as she escaped the city, swimming back to shore and awaiting Mardi's arrival in the morning. Voila's body lay on the beach as she gripped the orb tightly, her hearted still pounding from the experience. She must have passed out however, as the next thing she knows, Maria is prodding at her face once more. "Hey... Mermaid-Girl... You okay?" Maria's faint voice asks, as Voila lays soundly asleep. Suddenly she jolts up, startled and worried, she quickly checks her person to ensure she still has the orb, luckily for her it is still tightly wrapped by her arms. When she looks around however Maria is not there, perhaps she already left? Voila thinks to herself as she tightens her grasp on the orb, eagerly awaiting Mardi's arrival. She stares out at the ocean as she waits, until she hears footsteps from her right.

As Mardi approaches, her eyes widen in disbelief, she looks at Voila who is still unknowingly shaking from an adrenaline rush. Without hesitation Voila hands the orb to Mardi, before falling back unconscious on the beach, nerves and exhaustion finally catching up to her, the last thing she feels is her body being dragged across the sand as her senses fade out. When Voila comes to, both Mardi and the orb had gone, and she had been left underneath a tree resting a little alongside the shore. It seemed in the end that Voila was left behind, her kindness exploited until Mardi had gotten what she wanted. Voila let out a sigh, gazing out into the sea that she knew she must return to soon. She stands up, preparing to walk towards the water, but after taking a few steps it had suddenly dawned upon her- She looked down, in place of her tail was an extravagant blue skirt that reached all the way to her ankles. The world felt so much different like this and yet somehow walking felt natural to her. She could hardly contain her excitement as she looked up towards the cliff face that towered the shore, thought it still loomed over her like a wall, the idea of climbing it didn't feel impossible anymore. She ran over to the staircase, looking up it with optimism and glimmer in her eyes. Suddenly reaching into the small pocket on her skirt, she finds a hastily written note left for her. "Dear Voila: Now that I have found the relic, I cannot remain here, I must hide it someplace safe until I can make full use of its power, I don't mean to leave you like this but being on that beach is now a danger to me, if you want to find me, come to the address labelled below." The note concludes with an address to where Mardi would be staying, however, Voila had no idea where that address was or how she would get there. So, with resolve and determination once again in her soul, Voila decided to set out on a journey to find Mardi.

Next Chapter: TBA

