The Avis Saxorum Frangens also known as the Chione is a [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] originating from the Aptenodytes Chrysocome species of animal.

The Chione is a penguin-like creature that crawls on four claws, it has neglected its flippers in favour of an additional pair of claws that it uses for agility. Its body its curled like an oval with an arched back that is covered in rock-like spikes, its fur has hardened to better blend with its environment too. It's claws are red with curled ends for better grip into the snow and its head is burrowed into its body to better disguise as a part of the environment. Its eyes come in various colours but all appear gem-like as their eyes are typically made from gemstones such a ruby, sapphire etc. Using their strength, Chione are able to lunge forward into a glide, travelling long distances and assaulting prey as they dive into them. Chione don't have any particular magic, but use their mana to strengthen their lunge, giving them enough power to shatter boulders, thus giving them their name.

Chione live for around 8 years before their bodies begin to break down from constant damage. They live off of a diet of fish found near the surface of the water but are also known to eat larger prey such as polar bears or even people. They live in snowy terrain, especially near bodies of water but can often migrate across the land. They communicate with deep grumble sound that repeat like morse code and often travel in packs of 4-8 depending on the size of their family. When hunting they typically vary their strategy depending on their prey; for smaller prey they tend to lunge at first sight, gripping them with their mouth and chowing them with their teeth. For larger prey their strategy depends on a few factors. If the prey is headed towards them they will bury themselves in the snow in various locations, waiting for their prey to walk into their trap, then they will lunge at them, piling on them and pecking at them until they die. If the prey is not coming their way they will usually skip the hiding phase and fling themselves at their prey to much the same effect.

Chione are strong, if you encounter a pack your advantage will be at higher ground, if you can not reach higher ground then attempting to fight from a distance is your best bet, their bodies may look hard in appearance but they are actually rather squishy and easy to hurt, long range magic with a large radius usually does the trick.