This entry is a contributor [[Submissions & Credits|submission]] by RedYoshe

The Avis Pluvia, also known as the Harpy, is a [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] creature originating from the Columba species of animal.

Harpies are one of the most common Lusii in all of Drasil, despite that, they are still dangerous and should be dealt with carefully. Appearing like a regular pigeon, the clearest difference from afar is their large rounded stomachs, pulsing and bulging with liquid with several small sections melted, exposing their insides, as well as their oversized brain bulging from their backs, digging into their bodies almost like a parasite. Harpies also have detachable heads, with extended dense beaks that are sharp like blades. If you are able to see it before it is shot towards you like a projectile, you will see that their entire head's flesh and feathers have completely melted off, leaving only their skull remaining, their head also has a smaller bulging brain coming out of their skull, this brain serves no practical purpose to the harpy and is purely leftover remnants from their original form, their heads also regrow swiftly after firing, often with more grotesque mutation. Harpies can use [[Magic|ruin magic]], which is what allows them to detach their head and even have some control over its trajectory, though while their head is detached they are unable to see anything.

Harpies live for a measly year, often melting away at the end of their life. They're gluttonous creatures, eating anything organic they happen to lay eyes upon. They soar high in the skies in flocks of 15-20 and communicate with hisses, occasionally spitting acid as they hiss. They fly in much the same way that a regular pigeon would, sometimes when communicating, pigeons may spit acid into their wings and burn them off, plummeting from the sky to their demise. Harpies have much of their internal liquids be highly acidic and dangerous, they use this when hunting by firing their head towards their prey, aiming it at their last spotted location, typically in flocks the whole flock will do this simultaneously. Upon contact, their beak will stab into their prey and their eyes will burst, letting out thick layers of acid that will poor onto their prey, this acid will melt the flesh and organs, usually killing their prey quite efficiently. If the acid misses, it dissolves rather quickly, but leaves behind a rancid smell that lingers for several minutes. Once their prey is dead, they will begin to eat their flesh and organs, while also nesting inside their bodies, often laying their eggs inside too. 

If you get attacked by a flock of Harpies, it is best to remain cautious, defensive magic to avoid getting hit by their heads or fast manoeuvres are vital to survival as they will only attack the last place they saw you standing. In a fight it is ideal to use long ranged magic to destroy the harpy, aiming for the brain on their back is the most efficient way to kill them. Be wary of their falling bodies as they will explode into acid upon impact, though this acid will soon dissipate 