Often mistaken for [[Sirens]] the Clamor Sirenis, also known as the Abere is a mimicking [[Lusii & Belua]]|Lusii found throughout the edge of [[Koro' Ni Vale|Yawk’aw’s]] crater.

Though its origin is unknown, many speculate through its appearance that it originates from Lophius Piscatorius, due to their sharp teeth and their nature of luring their prey. Though from behind an Abere is indistinguishable from a siren, the front is very distinct. Humanoid in appearance with flowing fin tails and luscious long hair, Abere’s bodies are actually made entirely of scales, unlike sirens who retain their human flesh, their long hair is actually a vast assortment of small, slimy tendrils, and they also lack hands, though they always place their arms in front of their body to obscure them. On the front, their entire face is actually one gigantic mouth, with numerous razor sharp teeth, it extends only around ninety degrees backwards. Abere have no facial features and often obscure their faces with their hair until prey gets close.

Abere are also capable of mimicking voices, using a small orifice in their neck they are able to recreate the sounds of voices, this is used to lure people into the sea.

Abere are capable of using Life magic, their ability to communicate with fish matches that of the sirens and since most fish lack intelligence, they are very effective in their ability to capture small fish for food.

Abere live for around three hundred years, much the same as sirens, their diet consists of small fish, humans and sirens. Abere live in kelp forests and other flora-rich areas, where they usually sit and wait for their prey. Abere hunt alone, very few observations have shown multiple Abere in the same place and on the occasions they are, they typically ignore each other. Abere sleep for around eight hours a day, much like humans do, they typically rest in sea bushes and are near impossible to wake after falling asleep.

Abere tend to hunt in three methods, seemingly coming down to preference from the particular Abere hunting. Most Abere like to hunt by sitting in kelp bushes, making weeping like sounds and waiting for prey to come to them, often feasting on small fish or even divers if they are lucky. When prey approaches an Abere, they will coil the tendrils around their prey, before opening their mouth and devouring them while they cannot escape. Other Abere tend to hunt by acting like a drowning person in the ocean, when somebody attempts to rescue them they will let their bodies sink to the ocean floor where they will then use the same method as other Abere.

Given their similarities to people, it is hard to distinguish an Abere from a Siren or sometimes even a person. Some known methods of distinction are through paying attention to unusual behaviours, if someone who is calling out to you as drowning appears to be repeating the same few lines of speech over and over, or uses different tones of voice, then that person is likely an Abere. Other methods are to simply avoid Sirens who appear to be isolating themselves, only communicate or make contact with Sirens who you have very clearly seen the face of.

In a fight with an Abere, they may attempt to rush at you with force. They are fast and agile so attempt to remain on the defensive, use the environment to break line of sight or attempt to feed them smaller solid objects like rocks. Abere have a strong resistance to magic, so attempting to use magic on them is typically ill-advised.