The Ferrum Piscium more commonly called the Adaro is a [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] creature that originates from the Xiphias Gladiu species of animal.

Recognizable by its skeletal shape, the Adaro appears in the shape of a swordfish skeleton, comprised entirely of metal, its skull connects to its vertebrae which is supported by an additional bone that extends from the the lower back of the skull to the fin, it has one large skeletal fin at its rear and two smaller ones on its top and bottom. It's most notable feature is the large sharp nose connected to its skull that it uses for stabbing prey, they have no eyes, however they do have small organs buried inside of their bones. Despite their metal bodies, Adaro are rather light and can traverse through water by pushing it through their bones, this i typically easier for them to perform when they are in deeper water or water where the mana is stronger. They use Will magic to attack, creating metal shards like shrapnel that can be fired rapidly at their prey.

Adaro live for around 15-20 years on average, their bodies are tough and resilient and despite their appearance they are vicious hunters. Adaro have small digestive systems that they hide inside of their mouth, they need very little sustenance and often only need to eat small fish to survive. They live in the deeper waters of [[New Wave Ocean|Yawk'Aw]] around the middle of the chasm and often travel in packs of around half a dozen, they are able to communicate with each other by touching bodies and communicating through small amounts of static electricity travelling between their body. They have no need for sleep and are constantly on the move, they hunt in packs, often ganging up on larger prey while using magic to kill smaller prey, they have demonstrated a great level of intelligence for hunting and are very precise with their magic. When hunting larger prey, they often attempt to hunt in the deep, giving them more versatility to move, allowing them to gang up on and dismember them with their large rapier-like nose.

If you encounter an Adaro, do not attack them, simply try to flee as their bodies are far too resilient to be dealt with by magic. If you are inside of a submersible when you encounter them, do not panic, they will damage themselves attempting to get you long before they can deal any real damage to the hull. If you simply must fight them then magic will be useless, try to instead feed them something solid that would damage their mouth and also focus on protection magic to avoid being harmed by their projectiles.