The Selachimorpha Custos, more commonly known as the Dakuwaqa, is a hunting Lusii originating from the Great White Shark.

Dakuwaqa are hard to distinguish from regular sharks from a distance, their appearance is very similar, the only notable differences are on the bottom, its underside is often bulging with fat, looking like it could burst at any moment, its gills will also be bulging in a similar way, though this is more subtle. The Dakuwaqa only becomes more distinguishable when it spots prey. 

Exploding with fat, the gut and gills of the Dakuwaqa will expand outwards with a red, muscle-like, the gills turning into a form of appendage while the underside simply expands into a mass of flesh, its head being the only part still recognizable, this is its true form. Its body becomes a mass of fat, with curves and bulges running all over, a longer appendage connecting its head to its body extends out from its front, the flesh of the Dakuwaqa’s shark form spread out like scales, covering its upper body, and its clawed appendages rest on the ground, protruding from its sides. This form is a result of [[Magic|Ruin magic]] within the Dakuwaqa, allowing it to expand its flesh extensively, additionally, this magic gives it a high sensitivity to blood, causing it to expand further with more blood consumption. Through doing this, Dakuwaqa can expand up to four times that of a regular great white shark, an expansion that persists even in its disguised form, making them far more easy to spot.

Dakuwaqa are estimated to be able to live for around ninety years, however often their bodies will die out before they reach even forty years of age, due to excessive bodily expansion. Their primary diet is larger fish, its sharp teeth making incapacitating them quite easy. Dakuwaqa live exclusively in the [[Koro' Ni Vale|Maei]] region, they often hunt alone but can band together in packs of 2-3 on occasion. Dakuwaqa swim very close to the ocean floor, this is because in their shark form they are not able to hunt due to their bodies being folded in on itself inside, the shark form acts mostly as an external skin that encases their real body. When a Dakuwaqa finds prey, it will expand into its true form, it will rest on the ocean floor, using its claws to balance itself, then, using its strong muscles it will lunge itself upwards towards its prey, attempting to bite into them. Once the Dakuwaqa has its prey bitten, it will use its weight to drag it down to the ocean floor, where it will then open up its real mouth. Hidden underneath the shark head is the real mouth of the Dakuwaqa, a four way splitting mouth that opens up like a blooming flower, revealing that its long, neck-like appendage is the entirety of its mouth, full with teeth down to the body.

To encounter a Dakuwaqa would mean you would have to be foolish enough to swim near the ocean floor in Maei, however, if for whatever reason you do encounter one, the most simple and effective method to avoid them is to simply swim upwards, Dakuwaqa will only engage creatures that swim close by it, they often hide under large mushrooms on the ocean floor and wait, this however, also obscures their vision, and can be used as a way to escape. Being grabbed by a Dakuwaqa is essentially a death sentence, however, if you have some form of magic that can be used underwater, the inside of their mouths is highly sensitive, and usually, damaging that is enough to incapacitate for a while. One more thing to note is that if you are bitten or otherwise bleeding, the Dakuwaqa will always know where you are through your scent.