The Serpens Bifrontis also known as the Naga is a [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]] creature originating from the Tursiops Truncatus species of animal.

Known for its two heads, the Naga is a terrifying creature, with the body of a dolphin stretched out to around double, the back fins are extended out into necks that extend around to its front, with two heads attached to the ends. Their heads are snake-like in appearance and have very thin teeth, their mouths open far and wipe and their necks can expand outwards up to four times their original width to devour food. Naga bodies are very scaley in texture and are rough to the touch. When swimming their necks and heads get dragged behind their body while their front charges forward like a bullet. Their fronts where their faces were at first lack any sort of features and are curved to help push water past them when moving. Naga are known for their ability to use Will magic, often using ice magic to trap their prey.

Naga live for around 20-30 years on average, their bodies are built for swift movement through the water. They live off of a diet of larger sea creatures such as sharks and whales. Residing in the [[New Wave Ocean|Yawk'Aw]] region, they live primarily near the water's surface and travel in groups of 3-4, they communicate using high-pitched screeches. They travel across the surface of the water, using dives to build up momentum, though they are slow at water travel when not diving. Naga tend to fake sleeping by resting still in the water and waiting for prey to come close. They hunt by waiting for prey and freezing them when they come close, trapping them in chunks of ice and preventing them from moving, they will then approach their sinking body and swallow it in one big bite. If multiple Naga are present they will typically split the food by tearing their prey apart using their long necks and coiling around their limbs, pulling them apart ass they do. If prey manages to avoid their initial attack they will attempt to pursue, though usually they are too slow to keep up with their prey.

Avoiding Naga is a simple case of not approaching them in the water, Naga do not tend to approach prey on their own unless their trap should fail. In an encounter with a Naga, it is rather easy to flee, outswimming them should be easy for even an amateur diver. In a fight however they can be a potential threat, only attempt to fight as a last resort, target weak points like their tail with magic and try to avoid getting near their heads. 