The Foeda Limax, also known as the Shoggoth is an abomination that resides in the [[New Wave Ocean|Maei Region]]. Originating from the Octopoda Vulgaris, the Shoggoth is a very unique form of [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii]].

Unlike other Lusii, Shoggoth do not have mana, they are instead infested with the remnants of a fallen sea creatures power that seemed to have existed in ancient times. They got their power from feeding on the leftover tissue on the bones found in the [[New Wave Ocean|Al'Kuloka Region]], causing their body to break down into a mess of mass and slime. They appear as piles of mass on the floor, having tentacle appendages that reach up from their bodies, they can seemingly sprout as many tentacles as their body mass can handle, their centre holds their mouth, a large gaping hole with needle teeth that is always ready to devour its next meal. It's body is covered with eyes that look very similar to the mushrooms found all across Maei, all blinking independently of one another. Their underside also has a mouth mouth the folds inwards into its body, used for sucking nutrients off of the sea floor.

Shoggoth don't have a set lifespan, as long as they can devour they can continue to live, this turns them into all devouring creatures. They will eat nearly anything, plants, animals, lusii, belua, people, metasoma, anything. Shoggoth travel alone and often devour even each other when they encounter one another. Shoggoth hunt by coiling their limbs around creatures from below, slowly pulling them towards itself and devouring them. When not hunting for living creatures, Shoggoth devour plants off of the sea floor, often eating surrounding items such as rocks. Shoggoth often attack boats and other vessels floating above it, making Maei a dangerous place to sail over, they are able to bring down hole vessels by crushing the underside and causing them to sink. When not hunting, Shoggoth scurry across the sea floor aimlessly.

If you encounter a Shoggoth your best bet is to fight, their tentacles are too fast and nimble to escape and their sight makes it impossible to lose them. Shoggoth will approach any creature on sight and are often highly aggressive in their pursuit, they make little noise so they cannot be heard coming. In a fight focus on cutting their tentacles, thinner parts of their body are more susceptible to damage and severed limbs tend to dissipate immediately after being cut.