
Anguilliformes Risus, more commonly referred to as the Abaia, is a deep sea [[Lusii & Belua|Belua]], that originated from the Electrophorus species of animal.

Abaia derive their name from their laugh-like calls, which can be heard from over fifteen miles away. Their calls ring out like a deep-toned laugh, echoing through the ocean, it will typically be heard fast approaching, which likely means it has you in its sights. It is very hard to see an actively hunting Abaia, due to their high speeds, however, if you were able to see one sleeping, its appearance would be very distinctive. Spanning over forty meters in length and seven meters in width, Abaia are long, eel-like creatures with thousands of razor sharp teeth that look like toothpicks. Their bodies are covered in illuminated yellow tendrils, while their skin is a bright red colour. Their faces are rounded like an eel, they have eight illuminated eyes, six on their face and two on the sides of their head. When using any form of magical ability, Abaia’s tendrils will become translucent, this often means they are about to attack. 

Abaia do not have a known lifespan, there has been zero successful studies on the topic of them since their discovery, however, Abaia remains have been found at the edge of the [[Koro' Ni Vale|Yawk’Aw]] crater, it appears at the end of their life they will find a place to rest their bodies, allowing other sea life to feed off of them for sustenance. 

Abaia have strong adeptness with magic, allowing them to produce strong electrical currents, these currents are then spread through their body, triggering nerves that allow them to push their body to the high speeds they are known for. Using this method, Abaia have been observed to reach speeds of roughly 97MPH, or, roughly 156KPH.

Abaia live in the Yawk’Aw crater, they are very territorial and do not take well to other Abaia entering their living space. Abaia use their laugh-like calls as an intimidation method to scare away other predators, they also often curl their bodies around their territory to mark it, protecting the other sealife within their territory in the process. Abaia are quite intelligent, but not friendly towards humans, though attempts to communicate with them have been made, they have only ever been peaceful towards [[Sirens]]. Abaia have not been observed sleeping, however they regularly have been seen retreating into the crater for roughly four hours at a time at set intervals every day. Abaia typically do not need to hunt for food, the remains of attackers on their territory often acts as enough sustenance for them, with that said, Abaia are purely carnivorous and are willing to leave their territory to hunt for food. Due to their nature, Abaia are believed to be ocean guardians, they are very protective over the fish in their territory and often bring them food from the other creatures they kill. 

Abaia hunt using their high speed to catch the opponent off guard, they will typically bite into the vital organs of larger creatures, while smaller creatures will be devoured in a single mouthful. Before a hunt they will typically coil around rocks in their territory and observe their pray.

There is very little that can be done if an Abaia has its eye on you, however, they have been observed to show some leniency towards humans. If a human enters their territory, they will often spend some time observing, letting out small calls towards them as they approach. After giving the human ample time to notice their warnings, if they refuse to back away, the Abaia will pounce, chowing down on them before they can even take a glance, if the human backs away or shows signs of leaving, they will let them go.
