# History
After the [[Experimental Zone]] split off into three regions, Hadron continued to be ruled by the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Hadron Family]]. It would not be long after the divide that Nicklas Hadron would pass away peacefully. In his legacy, Hadron would split his wealth, giving forty percent of it to his family and leaving the remaining sixty percent as a fund for the region, ten percent each going to every individual city of the region. The six cities largely continued to operate in the same manner, all hosting similar institutes to one another.

Hadron would continue to focus its efforts on scientific progress, each major city would focus on their own individual projects whilst offering support to one another when needed. Meanwhile, the mining companies of Hadron began to show discontent towards their conditions, constant exposure to dangerous [[Resources|materials]] began to have long-term health defects on them and food supplies were sometimes not being sent into the towns they lived in, the Hadron Family were quick to respond, requesting more medical personnel be provided to the region from [[Phoeba]], however, due to the region’s strict entry policies, very few medical experts were allowed to enter, this caused a lot of death amongst the miners and many had to be transported back to the [[Collective Capital|Capital]] on strict emergency conditions, breaking the entry and exit policies for the region. 

The family began to put out requests for access to the [[Magic Gates]] system found in the Capital to be implemented within the region, however, it was refused on the basis of it being far too risky, potentially letting trespassers enter the region. Continuing their efforts to solve the health issues of the miners, the Hadron family began an investigation into what was happening to their supplies, as supplies were being sent directly from the major cities to the mining towns, but were not being received by the miners. As it turned out, the personnel in charge of transporting the good were hoarding many of the supplies, only delivering about half of them to the miners and keeping the rest for themselves, upon discovering this, many of the transporters were promptly fired, let off on charges of misconduct and punished with a penalty of three years of unpaid mining work, followed by being dishonourably discharged from Hadron and exiled to the faraway [[Thrash Industries]] region. Hadron went largely unaffected by the war, outside of strict lockdowns, life remained the same as it once was for the people. After the [[History & Timeline|war]], the capital, Hadron City, would open the [[Hadron University]], loosening the border policies somewhat to allow more people to study there.

# Climate, Geography and Wildlife
Hadron is covered in hills and mountains, with intricate cave systems all across the land, very few [[Resources|plants]] grow here due to the harsh conditions, the majority of plant life being tall, thin spruce trees that cover the surfaces of mountains and fill the forests.

The weather in Hadron is pretty standard, though it does receive snowstorms somewhat often and the land is typically covered in a light layer of snow at all times. It is often quite cold in Hadron and often reaches temperatures of around 26°F.

Hadron is not known to suffer much in the way of natural disasters, the snowstorms are considered dangerous but not to the extent of being called a disaster, strong mists and light storms may also arise on occasion but often only affect the more mountainous regions.

Wildlife is sparse in Hadron, outside of common deer you are very unlikely to encounter any animals out here. In the way of [[Lusii & Belua|Lusii and Belua]], you are likely to encounter territorial battles between [[Harpies (Avis Pluvia)]] and [[Chione (Avis Saxorum Frangens)]], should you travel far enough to the east.

# Living Conditions
Life in Hadron is tough, but by far the tamest of the three regions. Unlike its neighbouring regions, Hadron has well kept cities and internal heating throughout. Though the region and its inhabitants are made to work quite hard, they receive fair compensation and are allowed two months a year of paid holidays, though the drawback is that they must work six days a week for ten hours a day. Bars exist in Hadron’s cities and the citizens are allowed to drink on Saturdays after work and are allowed Sundays to recover, the bars include activities such as pool and darts as entertainment.

Mining villages in Hadron have much rougher conditions, most of the miners come from poorer families and are working to support said family, they’re cramped in small homes that consist of a kitchen and two bedrooms and are expected to share the house between six people, the villages only typically consist of five-seven houses and a well for water, as well as a store house for supplies, maintenance is not performed on these villages and the miners are expected to clean up themselves. In addition, miners suffer from health conditions often due to long-term exposure to magic infused [[Resources|minerals]] and have to make long trips to the cities for help.

# Government
Hadron is run by the [[source-folder/Completed Works/Characters/Groups/Notable Groups/Hadron Family]] and operates on strict laws. Curfews of 8PM are in place for all citizens and entertainment is limited to reading and writing, on top of the few channels that are on the television. The Hadron Family are working to boost their nation into a more prosperous self sustained country but are presently struggling economically to make it work.
