## **History**
Located in the north west of the [[Collective Capital]], Ather didn’t start with any form of notoriety or goal, there was no consistency behind the people who founded the division and their leader, [[Iris Vlepoun]]. Vlepoun was not known for any broad ideology or anything, she was merely a [[Roths Family|Roths]] loyalist and a regarded politician, as well, she was well connected and had close relations with the Roths. Early on in her leadership, she would support the citizens of Ather in building towns and cities. Her rule wasn’t too different from the Roths, however, there was one notable rule she had; no outside [[Faiths|religions]]. Vlepoun was a Roths elitist and saw other faiths as treason, as such, religion was outlawed, this law was pretty easily accepted by the people and overtime religious practice was seen as a complete taboo. As time went on, many structures were built to commemorate the Roths, Vlepoun was borderline obsessive with forcing her faith onto the people and many commemorative buildings were constructed to further this. Vlepoun took it further however. Infusing calcite with magic Vlepoun was able to create a pure, white, crystal-like material, this material was never given an official name and instead was simply named [[Vlepounite]], named after its creator. This material would be used to create many of the buildings and structures of Ather especially around larger cities. The white was used to represent the purity of the Roths in Vlepoun's eyes. As the years went on, Vlepoun only got more extreme with her laws, she began by closing the border to even the other parts of the region, censoring education and even executing people who disagreed with her, many of her subjects were complacent in this out of fear. Ather had a strong military power, thanks to its close relations to [[Argo]] and the Roths, and Vlepoun was also incredibly powerful. Vlepoun’s powers gave her the ability to manipulate the eyes of any living creature she came into contact with, this made her essentially all seeing across her nation, which only extended the air of fear people had. Any attempts at making a rebellion would quickly be foiled. The power would gradually get to her head; she began to feel invincible. She wondered just how far she could take her powers, so she organised a meeting with the other division leaders, shaking their hands individually. She was able to influence her power onto the other leaders, this included the current head of the Roths, [[Prometheus Roths]], who was already far in the know of Velpoun’s plans. Vlepoun was unaware that this meeting was a setup by Prometheus, to send a strong message. Stepping out into the public for a public speech, Prometheus took up his rapier and slashed Vlepoun right through her left eye before penetrating her right one, this strike killed Vlepoun nearly instantly. Prometheus made it very clear that he would not tolerate conspiracy, nor traitors, in his region, but that was not his only intention. Offering up Vlepoun’s eye to the people of Ather, Prometheus returned to them their freedom.
Vlepoun’s eye contained a high concentration of [[Magic|magic]], and by gifting it to the people of Ather, it meant that they could now harness Vlepoun’s power for themselves. Ather created a monument to their former leader, not out of respect but as a way to symbolise their freedom. In the end Vlepoun had succeeded in one thing, converting Ather’s people to Roths loyalists. After the execution of Vlepoun, many people had put their faiths strongly into the Roths, it is speculated by some that Vlepoun fully intended to become a martyr, to unite the nation, but the fact remained that they may never know the full truth of Vlepoun's plan.
As time passed, after the death of Vlepoun, a new leader would be elected to the region, a man named [[Gregor Tyflos]]. Tyflos was a Roths loyalist, but not as extreme as Vlepoun, as Tyflos was much more complicit with the Roths orders. As a leader Tyflos stood for progress and wanted to make himself useful to the Roths, as such using the power of Vlepoun’s all seeing eye, Tyflos would use animals within the land to collect information. The primary animal used for this was [[Ascalaphus]], an evolved [[Lusii & Belua|Belua]] of owl that was very friendly towards humans. These creatures were often used as messengers, much like carrier pigeons, as their high intelligence and navigational skills let them travel long distances and carry high amounts of information. Ather became a very close ally the Argo’s military force, military information and scouting was all performed in Ather. The nation also began practising magic studies. where a division such as Phoeba would pursue studies in knowledge and intelligence, Ather would put their efforts into studying magic, religion and the more mystical.
During the [[History & Timeline|war]], Ather became quite a sceptical nation, while they helped with the war effort, using their previously stated resources, many citizens were wary of [[Stheno Roths|Stheno]] as a leader, Ather had already been a regime once and they were concerned with the way the region was being handled, that history would repeat itself. The current leader at the time [[Tony Tyflos]], was equally wary of this fact, Tyflos had many men infiltrate the Capital’s guards, to monitor the activity and be on guard, in case any plots against his nation were made, of course all of this was pure paranoia on his part and largely the war went on without any major issues arising for the nation. The people of the nation continued to support the war effort, acting mostly as scouts and intelligence operatives in the field. Living conditions during the war were relatively fine, they were the farthest away division from any potential threats, so they would easily have plenty of time to prepare, should anything happen, however, tensions were high for the aforementioned reasons, and much of Ather's military power would remain on guard in the nation, as opposed to fighting in the war. The war passed by Ather without any notable impact on the people.
After the war, Ather began to change as a nation, the stigma around religion was largely broken, due to vast amounts of research and understanding and Ather became a place to appreciate cultures and study the world, learning about magic, religion and so on. Many religious places of worship would open up to allow people to practise their religions and express themselves more freely, however many Roths elitists would oppose this. Ather would start to become a split division, with some people supporting change, equality and progress, while others wanted to conserve an older way of life. Many instances of hate crime from both sides would begin to pop up around the nation and certain people within different cities would begin to migrate to areas of the division better suited to their views.
This leads up to the present day, where much of these hate crimes still happen under the surface of the division. Tony Tyflos still rules over the nation however even though his rule is divisive to the people, areas outside of the capital are often considered unsafe for certain groups, based on religious or political belief too.
****
## **Climate, Geography and Wildlife**
Ather, much like the other parts of the [[Collective Capital]], is a generally flat and field-filled land, with tons of greenery. Ather in particular is especially flat, even more so than the other divisions of the Capital.

Ather is one of the only parts of the capital that frequently experiences snow, especially towards the north. Ather’s usual weather is typically below average heat with mild amounts of sun and occasionally snow and cold winds.

Ather is occasionally prone to light hurricanes and snowstorms, but nothing too severe, while no countermeasures are in place for this weather, it also does not pose much threat to the average person. The snowstorms especially, are usually mild and actually end up helping dampen the land, allowing for crops to grow and keeping the ecosystem in check.

Ather is well known for its [[Ascalaphus]], and their friendly nature with humans, this being the only region they are found in the wild and aside from that, most wildlife is typically natural animals. Ather does not have many Lusii and the few it does tend to be migrating from other divisions.
****
## **Living Conditions**
Ather’s living conditions can be quite rough. While the division is highly advanced, even more so than the rest of the region, for the most part, divides on beliefs and politics are often a cause for contention. It's often harder to travel in Ather, both within the nation and outside of it, because many areas and territories often won't let you through depending on where you’re from, in addition to this, many areas within Ather have belief-related assaults and murders.

Outside of these factors however living in Ather can be quite nice, food and supplies are in excess, the economy is well maintained and most people in the division are pretty wealthy, jobs are plentiful and education is accessible.
****
## **Culture**
Ather has a strong religious culture, although many people don’t actually practise religion and instead are more interested in the way of life of those that do. While there is a notable amount of people who do in fact practise the various [[Faiths|religions]], there are many more who do not, despite that, religion is for the most part, a very appreciated aspect of life for the people of Ather.

[[Magic]] is also a massive part of Ather’s culture, magic is not practised so much as it is studied. In Ather, many magic breakthroughs have been made, thanks to Ather, and many magic items have also been uncovered by the division. Ather is a division about preserving, whether that be knowledge, historical artefacts or other items in relation, and a big part of that preservation process is keeping tabs of all the forms of magic used by humans.

Political culture in Ather is divisive to say the least, it is by far the most divisive nation in the region, this isn’t built purely on hate however, many beliefs stem from a collective fear, many people in the division are well in the know of the divisions history and do not wish for it to fall back into a dictatorship state, however, the issue therein lies that nobody can quite agree just how the best way to prevent this from happening may be.
****
## **Government**
[[Tony Tyflos]] as a leader, is known for his conservative views and policies, mainly aimed around upholding the status-quo, many of his laws revolve around keeping Ather in a constant state of peace. Few laws associated with progress are ever passed. As a [[To Be Added Documents/Characters/Groups/Lead Factions/Roths Family|Roths]] loyalist, Tyflos follows a lot of [[Argo|Argo's]] laws, in order to maintain a close connection with the Roths to ensure the protection of his region.
****
## See Also:
- [[Phulax]]
