The Dormeins Mare, better known as the Gazeka, is a [[Lusii & Belua|Belua]] derived from Amblyrhynchus Cristatus species of animal.

Gazeka are ocean-based reptiles, with large arched backs and stubby legs, their feet are clawed for digging and they have long trunks which they use for releasing fumes into the ocean. In terms of appearance, Gazeka appear a lot like reptilian anteaters. Their tails are thin, like that of a pig and they have a singular large eye on the surface of their head that they use to look above, as well as two small eyes on their face.

Gazeka appear to have [[Magic|mana]] flowing throughout their blood, which causes many of their natural bodily functions to operate. Their magic has many functions in their body, it is able to release a gaseous substance with enough density to create air bubbles, this substance is usually inhaled through their mouth and helps them with relaxation and resting, this substance has similar effects on other creatures too. Another function of their magic is allowing them to breathe in oxygen through water, despite not having gills and otherwise having the anatomy of a land creature, they are able to use this to live underwater indefinitely.

Gazeka often live for around thirty years, they sometimes can exceed this and go on to live for around forty of their living conditions are good and they live healthy lives. They live off of a herbivorous diet, eating mushrooms found in their natural environment, which is [[Koro' Ni Vale|Maei]]. They live pretty peacefully, most predators tend to avoid them, and other predators are too slow to attack them before their gaseous substance puts them to sleep. Gazeka travel in large packs, typically of around a dozen, they scour the ocean floor for plants and seem to show a lot of affection towards others in their pack, having a familial bond to one another. They walk slowly and carefully, never remaining in one place and seemingly having no goal in mind. Gazeka are also adept climbers, meaning they are able to climb inclines if they need to.

Gazeka are friendly animals, however, they lack intelligence, their gentle nature means they may help an injured animal or human without knowing there may be a risk. Oftentimes Gazeka will bring creatures with them as they travel, carrying them on their back as they walk, this usually has the unintended result of whatever they were carrying becoming aggressive and attacking them, in which they will have no way of defending themselves or of escaping.

Gazeka are friendly, so they may seem unthreatening, however, many deaths in Maei are actually caused by them. The fumes they release, when inhaled by humans, can cause body weight to increase, this is what gives them their ability to relax, however, this in conjunction with their fumes causing tiredness, means that many people actually drown through inhaling their fumes and then sinking. Sometimes large amounts of intake will give a person enough oxygen stored in their lungs to last long enough to awaken and swim out, but more often than not they will not survive this encounter.
